– STORY –
King Grey has unrivaled strength, wealth, and prestige in a 
world governed by martial ability. However, solitude lingers 
closely behind those with great power. Beneath the glamorous 
exterior of a powerful king lurks the shell of a man, devoid of 
purpose and will.
Reincarnated into a new world filled with magic and monsters, 
the king has a second chance to relive his life. Correcting the 
mistakes of his past will not be his only challenge, however. 
Underneath the peace and prosperity of the new world is an 
undercurrent threatening to destroy everything he has worked 
for, questioning his role and reason for being born again.
“The Continent of Dicathen comprises three major Kingdoms: The Forest Kingdom of 
Elenoir in the North, The Underground Kingdom of Darv nearing the southern border, 
and The Kingdom of Sapin, located on the eastern border of the continent. There also 
exists the Beast Glades, of which a large percentile remains a mystery. Not much of the 
Beast Glades has been traversed due to the abundance of beasts that are hostile to 
travelers as well as each other. Yet, every year, countless expeditions have been made 
due to the tempting riches one could reap………”
Flip.
“……The Kingdom of Elenoir is the homeland of the Elf race, located deep in the Forest 
of Elshire where thick mist naturally forms, deterring all but the elves, who, with their 
acute senses, can navigate freely…”
Flip.
“……The Kingdom of Darv is a network of underground passages and enormous caves 
that can span up to several kilometers, whereupon the Dwarvin race reside.”
Flip.
“…The Kingdom of Sapin is easily the largest and most populated region in the 
continent. While this Kingdom is primarily composed of humans, there are also many 
merchants from the Dwarvin race, trading commodities of many…”
Flip.
“…While the Beast Glades house countless monsters and creatures, they also contain 
wondrous treasures with long forgotten origins, obtainable by those who dare to seek 
them. There are records, written by adventurers and mercenaries, about dungeons 
and lairs of powerful entities that can make even the most generous priest into a 
greedy…”
Flip.
“…Between the Forest of Elshire and the Kingdom of Sapin lies the Grand Mountain 
range which spans across roughly 90% of the continent, separating the North and East 
from the West and South…”
Flip.
“While the Kingdom of Darv and Sapin hold a symbiotic relationship for resources, the 
Elves seclude themselves and act aggressively towards every other…”
Flip.
Closing the worn covers of what seemed to be an encyclopedia of this world, Arthur 
rubbed the bridge of his nose with his pudgy fingers, downcast, while emanating a 
gloom that was almost tangible. He let out an audible half-sigh that only seemed 
appropriate with his toothless mouth…
“PHUUUUUK…”
I never believed in the whole “light at the end of the tunnel” folly where people, after 
experiencing near-death experiences, would startle awake in a cold sweat, exclaiming, 
“I saw the light!”
But here I am, currently at this so-called “tunnel” facing a glaring light, when the last 
thing I remember was sleeping in my room (others call it the royal chamber).
Did I die? If so, how? Was I assassinated?
I don’t remember wronging anyone, but then again, being a powerful public figure 
gave others all sorts of reasons to want me dead.
Anyway…
Since it doesn’t seem like I was going to wake up anytime soon, while I slowly gravitate 
towards this bright light, I might as well go along with it.
The journey seemed to take an eternity; I half-expected a choir of children to be 
singing an angelic hymn, beckoning me towards what I hoped would be heaven.
Instead, my vision of everything around me turned into a blur of bright red as sounds 
assaulted my ears. When I tried to say something, the only sound that came out 
seemed to be a cry.
The muffled voices became clearer and I made out a: “Congratulations Sir and Madam, 
he’s a healthy boy.”
…Wait.
I guess normally, I should be thinking something along the lines of, “Shit, was I just 
born? Am I a baby now?”
But strangely, the only thought that seemed to pop up in my mind was, ‘So the bright 
light at the end of the tunnel is the light coming through into the female vag… ’
Haha… let’s not think about it anymore.
Assessing my situation in rational king-like manner, I noticed, first of all, that 
wherever this place was, I understood the language. That’s always a good sign.
Next, after slowly and painfully opening my eyes, my retinas were bombarded with 
different colors and figures. It took a bit of time for my infant eyes to get used to the 
light. The doctor in front of me, or so it seemed, had a not-so-appealing face with long, 
greying hair on both head and chin. I swear his glasses were thick enough to be 
bulletproof. The strange thing was, he wasn’t wearing a doctor’s gown nor were we 
even in a hospital room.
I seemed to have been born from some satanic summoning ritual because this room 
was lit only by a couple of candles and we were on the floor over a bed of straw.
I looked around and saw the female who pushed me out of her tunnel. Calling her 
mother should be fair. Taking a few more seconds to see what she looked like, I’d have 
to admit that she’s a beauty, but that might have been caused by my half-blurry eyes.
Rather than a glamorous beauty, I would better describe her as lovely, in a very kind 
and gentle sense, with distinct auburn hair and brown eyes. I couldn’t help but notice 
her long eyelashes and perky nose that made me want to just cling to her. She just 
permeated this motherly feel. Is this why babies were attracted to their mothers?
I peeled my face away and turned right to barely make out the person who I assumed 
was my father by the idiotic grin and teary eyes he gazed at me with. Immediately, he 
said, “Hi little Art, I’m your daddy. Can you say dada?” I glanced around to see both my 
mother and the house doctor (for all the certification he seemed to have), roll their 
eyes as my mother managed to scoff, “Honey, he was just born.”
I took a closer look at my father and I can see why my lovely mother was attracted to 
him. Besides the few loose screws he seemed to have by expecting a newborn to 
articulate a two-syllable word (I’m just going to give him the benefit of the doubt and 
think he said that out of the joy of becoming a father), he was a very charismaticlooking man with a cleanly shaven square jaw line that complimented his features. His 
hair, a very ashy brown color, seemed to be kept trim, while his eyebrows were strong 
and fierce, extending in a sword-like fashion meeting to a V shape. Yet, his eyes held a 
gentle quality, whether it was from the way his eyes drooped a bit at the end or from 
the deep blue, almost sapphire, hue that radiated from his irises.
“Hmm, he isn’t crying. Doctor, I thought newborns were supposed to cry when they 
are born.” I heard my mother’s voice.
By the time I finished checking ou… I mean observing my parents, the wannabe doctor 
simply excused himself, saying, “There are cases where the infant does not cry. Please 
continue resting for a couple of days Mrs. Leywin, and let me know if anything 
happens to Arthur, Mr. Leywin.”
The following couple of weeks after my journey out of the tunnel was a new kind of 
torture for me. I had little to no motor control over my limbs except being able to wave 
them around, and even that got tiring quickly. I realized all too grudgingly that babies 
don’t really get to control their fingers all that much.
I don’t know how to break it to you guys, but when you place your finger on a baby’s 
palm, they don’t grab it because they like you, they grab it because it’s like getting hit 
in the funny bone; it’s a reflex. Forget motor control, I can’t even excrete my wastes at 
my discretion. I was not yet the master of my own bladder. It just… came out. Haa…
On the bright side, one of the few perks that I became happily accustomed to was being 
breastfed by my mother.
Don’t get me wrong, I had no ulterior motives whatsoever. It’s just that breast milk 
tasted a lot better than baby formula and has better nutritional value, okay? Er… 
please believe me.
The Satanic demon-summoning place seemed to be my parents’ room and from what 
I figured, the place that I was currently stuck in was, hopefully, a place in my world 
from the past, when electricity hadn’t yet been invented.
My mother quickly proved my hopes wrong as, one day, she healed a scratch on my leg 
from when my idiotic father bumped me against a drawer while swinging me around.
No… Not like bandage-and-a-kiss heal, but a full-blown shining light with a faint hum 
from her freaking hands type of healing.
Where the hell am I?
My mother, Alice Leywin, and my father, Reynolds Leywin, at least seemed to be good 
people, hell, if not the best. I suspect my mother was an angel because I’ve never met 
such a kindhearted, warm person. While being carried on her back by a baby cradlestrap of some sort, I went with her to what she called a town. This town of Ashber was 
more of a glorified outpost, seeing that there were no roads or buildings. We walked 
on the main dirt trail where tents stood on both sides with various merchants and 
salesmen selling all sorts of things—from common, everyday necessities to things I 
couldn’t help but raise a brow at, like weapons, armor, and rocks… shining rocks!
The strangest thing that I couldn’t seem to get used to was the people carrying 
weapons like they would a designer bag. I witnessed a man of around 170cm carrying 
a gigantic war axe that was larger than him! Anyway, mother kept talking to me, 
probably to try to get me to learn the language faster, while shopping for the day's 
groceries, exchanging pleasantries with various people passing by or working in the 
booths. Meanwhile, my body turned against me once again, and I fell asleep… Damn 
this useless body.
Sitting on the lap of my mother who was caressing me in her bosom, I was intently 
focused on my dad who was currently reciting a chant, which sounded like a prayer to 
the earth, for close to a good minute. I leaned in closer and closer, almost falling off my 
human seat while expecting some magical phenomenon, like an earthquake splitting 
the ground or a giant stone golem emerging. After what seemed like an eternity (trust 
me, for an infant who has the attention span of a goldfish, it was), three adult, humansized boulders emerged from the ground and slammed against a nearby tree.
What in the name of… that was it?
I flailed my arms in anger, but my idiot father interpreted that as a “WOW” and had a 
big grin on his face, saying, “Your daddy is awesome, huh?!”
No, my father was a much better fighter. When he put on his two iron gauntlets, even 
I felt compelled to drop my underwear (or diaper) for him. With quick and firm 
movements that were surprising for his build, his fists carried enough force to break 
the sound barrier, but were fluid enough to not leave an opening. In my world, he 
would have been classed as a high-tier fighter, leading a squad of soldiers, but to me, 
he was my idiot father.
From what I learned, this world seemed to be a fairly straightforward one filled with 
magic and warriors; where power and wealth decided one’s rank in society. In that 
sense, it wasn’t too different from my old world, except for the lack of technology and 
the slight difference between magic and ki.
In my old world, wars had become an almost obsolete form of settling disputes 
between countries. Don’t get me wrong, of course there were still smaller-scale battles 
and armies were still needed for the safety of the citizens. However, disputes 
concerning the wellbeing of a country were based on either a duel between the rulers 
of their country, limited to making use of ki and close combat weapons, or a mock 
battle between platoons, where limited firearms were allowed, for smaller disputes.
Therefore, Kings weren’t the typical fat men sitting on thrones, ignorantly 
commanding others. They had to be the strongest fighters to represent his or her 
countries.
Enough about that though.
The currency in this new world seemed pretty straightforward from the exchanges 
my mother had with the merchants.
Copper was the lowest form of currency, then silver, followed by gold. While I had yet 
to see anything costing as much as a gold coin, normal families seemed to be able to 
live off of a couple copper coins a day just fine.
100 Copper = 1 Silver
100 Silver = 1 Gold
Everyday involved honing my new body, mastering the motor functions residing deep 
within me.
But that comfortable regimen soon changed.
I was a King. I could have my country’s army assemble at my feet, kneeling down with 
the snap of a finger. I’ve out-dueled my competitors from different countries as well 
as my own people to settle disputes and maintain my position. In terms of 
swordsmanship and controlling Ki, I was second to none, for having personal strength 
was essential to becoming a ruler in my past world on Earth. Kings weren’t born, but 
raised. Yet, I couldn’t think of a prouder moment in my two lives than now.
I can crawl, baby!
’Til now, I had to make do with the stories mother would tell me while trying to make 
me fall asleep. I grumbled out noises of complaint when she stopped too early. My 
father would sometimes sit me on his lap while idly talking to me about his old days, 
which gave me some hints as to what kind of world this was and what it was filled 
with.
Reynolds Leywin, former adventurer, (apparently that’s a viable occupation in this 
world) had quite a lot of experience in this field. He was a part of several parties that 
went on expeditions to search for treasure and fulfill missions they acquired from the 
Adventurer Guild. He eventually settled down when he met my mother at the 
Kingdom’s border in a city called Valden. He proudly told me how my mother fell head 
over heels for him at first sight when he visited the town’s Adventurer Guild hall that 
she had been working in at that time, but I suspected it was the exact opposite from 
how my mother slapped him across the back of the head and told him to stop telling 
me lies.
My name is Arthur Leywin now, by the way. Art for short, which, as a former King, 
sounded a little too cute, but hey, after getting a glimpse of myself in the metal sheet 
they used as a mirror in the washroom, I looked absolutely adorable. I got my mother’s 
glowing auburn hair while my eyes were a bright azure color, inherited from my father.
I don’t know how my facial features are going to turn out as I mature, but as long as I 
don’t turn out fat, it’ll be okay.
Watch out future ladies! Prepare to be heartbroken!
After weeks of attempting to crawl, yet only achieving an uncoordinated scuffle in 
place, I had finally succeeded; even managing to sneak into the family’s library/study 
room while my mother was hanging the laundry out to dry. Mother rued the day I 
started to become mobile, sighing, “I swear, you’re going to become as hard to manage 
as your father.”
I closed the encyclopedia and situated myself more comfortably on the ground… 
basically I just laid on my belly because crawling and sitting upright was so damn 
tiring.
Pondering over what I had just read, this world seemed pretty underdeveloped. From 
what I could infer, there didn’t seem to be much technological advancement. The only 
source of transportation appeared to be horse-driven carriages that varied in size for 
overland use, and ships with sails for rivers.
Weapons were freely allowed and not really regulated unless you were visiting the 
royal family or people that held authority. For God’s sake, it continues to baffle me 
every time I see people carrying weapons while shopping for groceries.
Sure, in my previous world, Earth, there were soldiers and guards who carried 
concealed weapons. Despite that, they weren’t carried for the purpose of killing, but 
to deter crimes from happening.
Here, though, I witnessed a thief who stole a couple of items from the armory store 
the other day get slashed in the back by a large, bald mercenary carrying a polearm.
Moreover, the bystanders even went as far as to applaud that oversized monk as the 
thief lay there, dying.
A similarity that both this world and my previous world shared was the system of 
monarchy. The continent of Dicathen had Kingdoms, each ruled by a King and his royal 
family. Unlike Earth though, the King was chosen based on lineage; the title was passed 
down from the son of the King to his son, and so on.
After scanning through the encyclopedia, there didn’t seem to be much information 
on other continents besides the one we were currently in. I found this a bit odd since 
there were ships that carried goods and passengers across the continent by river. I 
just assumed that maybe the technology on ships hadn’t been developed enough to 
sail across oceans.
One thing that was going to be hard to get used to was the whole premise of magic in 
this world. If we were talking about superhuman powers, sure, the countries on Earth 
relied on such people.
On Earth, practitioners learned how to condense and utilize the innate ki that they 
had in their bodies. Think of it as a muscle, if you will. Repeatedly breaking the ki 
center down through exhaustion followed by rest would cause the ki center to grow 
stronger, allowing access to a bigger pool of ki. The ki would then be channeled 
throughout the body via special veins or meridians and utilized for the strengthening 
of the body and weapon.
In this world, instead of ki, it seemed to be called mana, and the more surprising thing 
was that it existed in the atmosphere. Thus, Practitioners, or Mages, would use the 
surrounding mana and draw it into their bodies, ultimately condensing it in their 
mana core. In my old world, ki only existed and formed inside the body. Whether ki 
had never existed in Earth’s atmosphere in the first place or ceased to exist because 
of the pollution caused by humans, we’d never know.
On Earth, while practice was incredibly important, the size of a user’s innate ki center 
was even more important because the limited amount of ki one had in his body was 
all one could work with. Did that mean that one’s innate mana core size wouldn’t 
matter as much because of the available mana in the atmosphere?
The bigger the cup, the more you can hold, right?
In my old world, even though my ki center wasn’t that large, I was considered a 
prodigy at channeling and utilizing my ki effectively to make up for my not so 
sufficiently large ki center. With the way I utilized every bit of my ki, I was able to 
become the strongest of the elite division of Duelists, earning the right to become King.
Now, if I could still practice the way ki practitioners used their ki but with mana, that 
was both present inside the mana core and in the surrounding atmosphere, couldn’t I 
essentially double… no… triple the strength that I had before?
The next book that I managed to pull from the bottom shelf explained a couple of 
questions for me.
“Beginner’s Guide for the Privileged Mage”
“While the power to control mana is largely genetic, there are many cases where 
children of Magi come out unable to sense the mana around them. A recent census 
showed that roughly one in every one hundred children are able to sense mana, but 
the extent of which could only be tested when their mana core first completely 
developed—anywhere from their early adolescence to late teen years. It will be 
apparent when a mage first awakens by the initial repellence of the surrounding mana 
when their mana core manifests. This results in a translucent barrier forming around 
the awakened that lasts a couple of minutes.”
Flipping through the pages, I found something that caught my attention.
“…Mana can be used in a couple of ways. The two most common methods of utilizing 
mana are: enhancement of the body with mana (augmenter), and emission of mana to 
the outside world (conjurer)…”
“…augmenters are most commonly seen amongst warriors who utilize mana, 
channeling it through their body to strengthen themselves and their attacks.”
“…The practice of conjuring is seen in Mages, who, after utilizing their mana, can cast 
spells to give off a certain effect on the surrounding area or directly at a target.”
Weaknesses and Limitations
“While augmenters can possess incredible strength, defense and agility, their 
weakness lies in their limited range…”
“Conjurers possess unfathomable powers, being able to bend their surroundings to 
their will. However, such powers come with limits. Unlike augmenters, who utilize 
most of the mana in their own mana cores, conjurers need to borrow mana from the 
outside world, in addition to their own mana core, to exert mana into their 
surroundings in the form of a spell.”
“While both types of Mages, or Mana Manipulators, for the more scientifically accurate 
term, depend on and are categorized by their mana core, augmenters and conjurers 
also have different ways of measuring their aptitude.”
Flip.
“An augmenter’s prowess or talent is measured by the strength of the mana channels 
in their body, which measures the speed and efficiency in relocating their mana from 
their mana core into various parts of their bodies…”
“…A conjurer’s power and talent, comparatively, is measured by the power of their 
mana veins, which indicates the speed and effectiveness of absorbing mana from the 
outside world to cast a spell.”
Flip.
“…Mages (Mana Manipulators) are typically categorized into one of these two 
divisions since attempting to become proficient in both from an early stage is 
incredibly time consuming and inefficient. Most are born with a skewed difference in 
their mana channels and mana veins…”
“…augmenters do not need very strong mana veins because they mostly utilize the 
mana from their cores, while conjurers do not need very powerful mana channels 
because they do not release their mana into their own bodies.”
“As proficiency level rises, the distinction between augmenters and conjurers lessens 
naturally, but that is only so at an advanced level…”
Hmm… So my idiot father seems to be a decently competent augmenter and a less than 
average conjurer.
That healing light though… What was my mother?
Flip, flip, flip.
AHA!
“There are a few, rare deviants. The two most well-known types of deviants are 
elemental deviants and Emitters. While some still remain undiscovered, ones that are 
highly sought after are the Emitters, more commonly known as healers. Healers 
possess the rare ability to cast their unique restorative mana unto others, directly, 
recovering injuries and impairments.”
Wow… mother is the best.
Fundamentals of Conjuring
“The proper steps of utilizing mana for conjurers is to gather the surrounding mana 
in the area, drawing it into your body, then, after circulating it into your mana core to 
stabilize and purify the atmosphere’s diluted mana, you channel it into an appropriate 
conductor (a staff, wand, ring, of some sort) with the incantations as a mental 
controller for your will into shaping the mana into whatever spell you want…”
Flip.
“…The more powerful the spell, the longer it will take to draw in surrounding mana, 
store it in your mana core, where it is condensed and purified, and finally channel and 
release…”
Flip.
“Because conjuring involves exerting focused mana into a particular spell, conjurers 
will notice that they have a special aptitude of certain elements (Air, Water, Fire, 
Earth), but with proper training, can become adequate in the basics of all elements.
Flip.
Fundamentals of Augmenting
“Unlike conjuring, much less time can be spent gathering the surrounding mana.
Efficient use of augmenting requires speed and precision in the use of the mana from 
your core and less from the mana in the atmosphere…”
This was where it clicked… augmenting was very close to using ki, except you could 
also draw mana in from your surroundings. The reason why there weren’t any kinds 
of conjurers in my old world was because there was no mana in the atmosphere to 
draw from and create a phenomenon.
My gaze tensed as I read on.
“…augmenting requires proper distribution of mana into different parts of the body, 
depending on how the user sees fit. While it seems simple at a glance, augmenting 
requires much insight into the individual’s own body. Being able to utilize the mana 
channels efficiently requires years of both mental and physical practice.”
Flip.
“Because augmenting involves extracting mana in its purest form from the user’s 
mana core, there are no highly notable distinctions in an elemental sense at an early 
stage. However, augmenters are able to control their mana more freely, resulting in 
vastly different forms of fighting through augmentation.”
Flip.
“The phenomenon called ‘Backlash’ occurs in both types of practitioners. For 
augmenters, it occurs from depletion of the mana core, causing extreme bodily pain, 
depending on how strenuous the damage to the mana core is. For conjurers, Backlash 
occurs from the overfilling of the mana core. This is caused by overuse of spells beyond 
the practitioner’s capacity, or using a spell too powerful for the mana core to handle.”
Closing the book, I propped myself up on my butt, digesting the overload of 
information I had just read.
Because of the uncanny similarities between the ki center from my old world and the 
mana core in this world, I found it hard to believe that you needed to be a young 
adolescent to manipulate mana. In my old world, children could already meditate and 
sense the ki scattered inside their bodies. Once the ki migrated into a single place, the 
ki center would form.
Testing my hypothesis, I began meditating, trying to sense the mana in my sevenmonth-old body when…
“There you are! Art, honey, are you having trouble taking a poopy?”
Mother! I’m about to begin my journey to become the greatest mage in the world! Do 
not make me out to be a constipated infant!
Picking me up and gently placing me in her arms, I was forcibly taken away to have my 
diaper changed, which, surprisingly, was full by the time I noticed.
ALICE LEYWIN’S POV:
Arthur had to be the most adorable baby, and I’m not saying this because I’m a doting 
mother.
No.
Him and his scruffy little patch of glowing auburn hair and playful eyes that almost 
radiated blue light while his gaze, at times, seemed almost… intelligent.
No no, I told you, I’m not a doting mother. I plan to be a strict and just mother. I can’t 
rely on my husband to teach little Art any common sense. For God’s sake, he tried to 
teach my baby how to fight when he could barely crawl!
I knew this little rascal would turn out just like his father if I left him be. As soon as he 
started crawling, I was so proud that I was on the verge of shedding tears, but I didn’t 
know how much of a handful he’d be as soon as he became mobile.
I swear, there’s not a single moment where I can take my eyes off of him before he 
crawls into the study room. How weird. We made sure to buy him lots of stuffed 
animals and wooden toys to play with, but he always ends up going to the study room. 
THAT, at least, was directly opposite of his father, seeing how Reynolds almost 
gravitates away from texts longer than the weekly newspaper.
Looking at how excited he got when we went out to town, I decided to go shopping for 
food once every other day instead of twice a week.
No no, I told you, I’m not a doting mother. This is for his education of the outside world 
and for fresh food in the house. Yeah haha… that’s it.
My son seemed to be interested in a lot of things. I can’t get enough of seeing his head, 
that seemed so disproportional to his little body, turning left and right while trying to 
take in everything around him. He seemed particularly intrigued by his father’s 
practices.
Reynolds was a pretty competent adventurer back in the day. Being a B-class 
adventurer by the age of twenty-eight was actually a pretty fast climb. Acquiring an Eclass rank, the lowest rank, required taking a test to prevent us from sending eager
but ignorant adolescents to their deaths. As for the higher ranks, I’ve only seen a 
couple of A-class adventurers in my years of working at the guild, and I’ve yet to see 
an S-class adventurer, assuming they actually exist.
At the Adventurer Guild, or what we just called the Guild Hall back then in Valden, I 
got to see too many eager teens. I swear, I was surprised they didn’t float away from 
having their overly inflated egos get to their heads.
At least they were ambitious.
One time, I was assigned to proctor a basic practical exam, where the examinee had to 
simply demonstrate fundamental competency in their mana manipulation, but before 
the test had even begun, the kid fell straight onto his back because the sword he was 
carrying had been too heavy for him.
Speaking of airheads, Reynolds sure came off as one back then. The moment he saw 
me in the Guild Hall, his jaw literally dropped and he just stood there until the guy in 
line behind him elbowed him to hurry up. He hurriedly wiped away his drool and 
managed to mumble a “…H-hi… can I trade in th-the stuff for the mission?” I just 
giggled as he turned beet red from embarrassment.
He managed to gather up the courage to ask me out for dinner and we just hit it off 
from there. Even now, I can’t help but smile when I see his droopy, blue puppy eyes 
looking at me.
Art somehow wound up with both of our redeeming traits, making him that much 
more adorable. You should see him when I have to change his diapers. I don’t know 
why, but he always turns red in his cheeks and covers his face with his tiny little 
fingers.
Could babies his age even get embarrassed?
The next landmark that made it to my baby journal, which is purely for educational 
purposes, by the way, and not because I am a doting mother, was when he first said 
mama.
He said Mama!
I told him to say “mama” again and again, just to make sure I didn’t hear wrong.
Reynolds sulked for the entire day because Art said “mama” before “dada.”
Haha, I won!
The rest of the year went by pleasantly with my son sticking by me wherever I went 
and frequently looking out the window to see his father practice after dinner. I’m glad 
Reynolds gave up being an adventurer and instead took up a post as a guard nearby 
for our town. Being an adventurer may have brought in more money, but not knowing 
when or if my husband would come home was not worth any amount of extra money.
More so after that incident…
To our relief, Little Art never got sick, but oftentimes, I would find him sitting still on 
his butt while closing his eyes. At first, I thought he was having trouble relieving 
himself, but after checking the first couple of times, that didn’t seem to be the case.
How strange, I didn’t know what to make of it. I thought babies his age were supposed 
to be energetic and flighty, but after his episodes of escaping to the study room, he 
seemed to spend a lot of time sitting still, almost meditating.
I was worried at first, but although it would happen a couple times a day, it only lasts 
for a couple of minutes, and Art would seem strangely happy afterwards. The way he 
holds his arms up and looks up at me makes me just want to gobble him up.
*Ahem* Not a doting mother.
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
About two years have passed since I made my difficult journey to the study room.
From then, I had been constantly trying to gather the little bits of mana spread out in 
my body and focus it in an attempt to form a mana core. Let me tell you, it was a slow 
and arduous task. I would find myself having an easier time trying to learn how to 
walk on my hands and eat with my feet in this damnable body than trying to will my 
mana core to condense.
I could see why the book said that it’d take until at least the adolescent age for a person 
to ‘awaken.’ If I had let the mana particles in my body move by themselves, it would 
take at least a decade for them to gravitate towards each other to form anything 
remotely close to a mana core.
Instead… A perk in having the mental capacity of an adult meant that I had the 
cognitive ability to consciously will my mana particles together. This was something I 
did as a child in my past life in school, where they taught you from childhood to learn 
how to control ki. Essentially, it’s being able to sense the ki, or mana now, in your own 
body and force them together near the solar plexus. If left alone, the particles will 
eventually slowly float towards each other anyway, but I’m just grabbing the feathers 
and shoving them into the twill sack instead of waiting for them to float down by 
themselves, figuratively speaking of course.
Daily rituals consisted of me trying to spend as much of my limited energy as possible 
on gathering my mana while avoiding suspicion from my mother and father. My father 
seemed to think that throwing a child into the air would be quite enjoyable for the 
child. While I understand there would be a kind of adrenaline effect that may excite 
some people, when mana was used to reinforce his arms, and I got thrown into the air 
like a high-speed projectile, the only feeling I had was nausea and a traumatic fear of 
heights.
Fortunately, my mother had a pretty firm handle on my father, but she scared me 
sometimes. I often caught her staring at me, half-drooling, looking at me like I’m some 
kind of premium slab of meat.
I tried to adapt to my body by only talking in very simple sentences. After I first said 
“mama” to let her know I wanted more food, she almost burst into tears of joy. It’s been 
a long time since I received this sort of motherly affection. Since then, I limited myself 
to just trying to talk enough to get the point across, no grammar necessary.
Besides that, the pace of my training was strenuous and slow, but I was getting a pretty 
big head start compared to everybody else, so I wasn’t complaining.
These past two years, have not gone to waste, for I finally gathered all of my mana into 
my solar plexus and was in the midst of condensing a mana core when…
*BOOM*
REYNOLDS LEYWIN’S POV:
My baby boy!
I’m so happy we had a son. I wonder, when can babies start training? When did I start 
training again? Man, I can’t wait to teach my baby boy all about magic! I hope he turns 
out to be an augmenter like his old pops. I may know the basics of conjuring, but I can’t 
do anything practical with it except use it as a form of mental exercise.
Alice, on the other hand, is one of the most talented people I’ve ever seen. Even as an 
Emitter, she’s exceptional. Back then, after she agreed to date me, she joined my party 
and we went on missions together. Her restorative powers were amazing in and of
itself, but what shocked me the most was when she used an area of effect spell, which 
healed all allies inside. Talk about one of a kind! And I’m her husband!
Hehe… I still don’t get tired of saying that.
Back in the good old days before we had to settle down, we would go into Beast Glades 
and hunt for mana beasts. Mana beasts were various unique animals and creatures 
that were born with the ability to absorb mana into their bodies and create their own 
mana core, which we call beast cores.
Beast cores had an unlimited amount of uses, making them very valuable and highly 
sought after. Of course, the higher the classes the beast cores were, the more valuable 
they were. Mana beasts were classified anywhere from E class (the domesticated 
fanged bull used for meat and leather), to your SS class monster. I can’t tell you much 
about those, simply because I’ve never seen nor heard of one, but supposedly they do 
exist.
Rule of thumb, you should assume that the mana beasts are stronger than humans of 
the same class. This was simply because, even if we take mana out of the picture, a 
beast’s physical body was much stronger than the average human’s.
While the Beast Glades were dangerous, as long as you were cautious and didn’t get 
lost, it was pretty easy to keep yourself out of trouble. The stronger beasts tended to 
be further down in dungeon-like caves underground or farther away. The first few tens 
of kilometers of the Beast Glades are pretty well-mapped, and as long as you were at 
least a C class adventurer, you’d be fine.
Once in a while, there were missions posted up that required a couple parties of 
adventurers. Those were usually for trying to clear and map the harder dungeons that 
weren’t fully explored. If a mana beast had the power to create its own lair and have 
other mana beasts serve him, then you could bet there were treasures to be gained.
I tell my son Art all about this life, telling him this and much more so I can brainwa… I 
mean encourage him to at least have some experience as an adventurer when he gets
older.
I don’t know what I’ll do if little Art never awakens. Oh God, it doesn’t matter how long 
it takes. As long as he can train to become any kind of mage, I’ll be a proud and happy 
father.
It’s pretty easy to tell what type of mage someone will be when they awaken, because 
while augmenters, conjurers, and deviants form a translucent barrier, the mana 
behaves differently around them during that time.
Augmenters, when they first awaken, form a sort of pushing force around the barrier, 
signifying that they have dominant mana channels in their body. Conjurers, on the 
other hand, form a vacuum of mana around them, which means their mana veins are 
much more dominant. Of course, the degrees of the pushing force and vacuuming force 
depends on their talent in either category.
I don’t mean to brag, but when I first awakened, at the early age of twelve, by the way, 
I was sleeping, and the pushing force made me float for a good couple of minutes!
Enough force to lift a human body!
If it wasn’t for that time… I’m sure we wouldn’t have settled down this fast.
Anyways, as soon as he awakens, I’m going to train him. If he ends up becoming a 
conjurer, I think I can get him a tutor from the main town since Alice and I aren’t adept 
enough to be teaching him…
…Is what I said, but…
*BOOM!*
Currently, 3/4th of the house is gone…
What happened?
Luckily I was with Alice in the front yard for a bit after dinner, but… Art… Little Art 
was still in the house…
“ARTHUR!!”
Alice’s face drained of all blood as I saw her go pale, eyes wide in disbelief and worry.
I nudged my wife down while covering her with a temporary shield that would last for 
a few minutes.
I rushed towards the direction of the explosion, shielding my body with a layer of 
mana over my skin. The debris from what was left of my house was constantly thrown 
towards me as I reached deeper into the source of the explosion. After fighting my way 
through the scraps of what was left of my house and several pieces of rocks, I saw it.
My son had the all but noticeable translucent barrier flickering around him. Better yet, 
the pushing force of his awakened powers was what caused this explosion. He was 
floating in the center of a crater that cleared 3/4th of our house, as well as our entire 
backyard.
Haha…
My legs gave out and I just landed on my knees while I continued to gape at this sight.
My son was almost three years old when he awakened. Only three…
I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
“Reynolds! Honey!”
I glanced back at my wife with my mouth still hanging from shock. She managed to 
slowly make her way towards me, after there was no more debris to be thrown out.
She was making half-steps towards me, covering her face with her arms to shield what 
she could from the strong pushing force still emanating out of Art.
“Reynolds! What happened? What’s going on? Where’s Art?”
Still unable to find the strength to speak, I simply pointed my finger towards the 
direction of our son.
While confused, she looked in the direction I was pointing and all she could manage 
to whisper was, “Oh my…”
ARTHUR LEYWIN'S POV:
Wow, I feel great!
Feeling refreshed at my breakthrough, I closed my eyes to sense my newly-formed 
mana core. My sweet little mana core!
“ART! OH, MY BABY! Are you okay?”
I spotted my mother rushing towards me while my father was on the ground kneeling.
What did he do this time that caused him to get punished by mother?
My mother lifted me up and hugged me, almost to the point where my underdeveloped 
ribs gave out.
I managed to squeal out a “Mom, no cry. What’s wrong?”
She didn’t answer me and continued sobbing while cradling me. My father arrived 
next to her, patting her back and patting my head as well, giving me a weak smile.
After a brief moment of confusion, I peeled my head away from my mother’s bosom 
and I looked around to see that we were standing in the center of a giant crater, with 
most of our house gone.
…What the fuck?
Who did this? Who dares have the audacity to destroy the home of a King?! The 
perpetrators will rue this day! I will hunt them down day and night and not rest until…
“Congrats, Art honey. You awakened, Champ.”
"…”
"…”
I did this?
In my old world on Earth, a similar phenomenon happened when a youth awakened.
A clear barrier appeared around the awakened and a small pushing force would 
surround the barrier. I’m guessing, though, that the pushing force in this world was lot 
stronger because of the mana in the atmosphere, something that wasn’t there back on 
Earth.
As once a King of integrity, I decided on apologizing for this… err… situation.
“I’m sorry Mom, Dad. Am I in trouble?”
“Haha… No, Art honey, you’re not in trouble. We were just worried about you. I’m glad 
you’re alright.” My mother managed to chuckle through half teared eyes.
My idiot father, on the hand, was a lot more excited.
“My boy is a genius! Awakened at the age of less than three! This is unprecedented! I 
thought I was fast, but jeez!”
So a couple of moments of a picture perfect atmosphere was broken when a neighbor 
passing by screamed, “What in the world?!”
“Haha, we better clean this mess up,” my father said as he grinned, rubbing the back 
of his head.
A couple of weeks had passed since my awakening. We decided to keep my awakening 
a secret for now. My father managed to contact a couple of his past Adventurer party 
members to help rebuild the decimated part of our house while we stayed in the 
nearby inn. With conjurers raising the ground for the foundation of the house and 
augmenters doing the grunt work, the house didn’t take too long to finish. The beauty 
of magic! Surprisingly, none of my father’s ex party members seemed to question why 
our house blew up.
That seemed to say a lot about my idiot father.
During the middle of reconstructing our house, my birthday came around (May 29).
My parents woke me up that morning with a present, and what seemed to be a loaf 
of… bread (?) in their hands.
Ahh! It was a cake!… Would’ve been easier to tell if it wasn’t black.
Opening the present box to find a carefully carved, wooden sword, I hugged both my 
parents, thanking them for the present and the cake.
This surprised me because my parents didn’t bother to celebrate my past two 
birthdays, so I assumed this world didn’t really celebrate it. I later found out that 
birthdays are celebrated starting at the age of 3 because of a tradition from a long time 
ago, when babies were more susceptible to death before the age of three.
How medieval.
Another thing I took an interest in noticing.
Seeing children, as well as teens working on farms with their family and forges as 
apprentice blacksmiths made me realize there was no mandatory form of a structured 
education system. Any sort of rudimentary education was provided by their families 
(just basics like reading and writing).
As soon as I turned three, my mother began giving me lessons for a set time, teaching 
me how to read and write. Playing the role of a genius son, I pretended to learn quickly, 
to her delight, so I could read harder books in the library without drawing suspicion.
These last couple of weeks passed by in a blast. After awakening, my father taught me 
the basics of mana and how to start training in it as best as he could. He tried to 
simplify as much as possible so that a toddler could understand it, I guess, but if it 
weren’t for my adult comprehensive abilities, I don’t think I would’ve retained much.
The basics are as follows:
An easy way to know where you stand in strength lies in the color of your mana core.
When you start off, the mana core is black, due to the body’s blood and other 
impurities mixed with the mana particles as they formed together to become a mana 
core. As the mana inside the person’s body becomes purer and the impurities are 
filtered out, it’ll change into a dark red color. From there, the lighter the mana core’s 
color became; from dark red, to a red, and then to a lighter red.
The order goes as follows: black, red, orange, yellow, silver, and then white.
From the red mana core until the yellow mana core, the colors split into three shades 
of that said color (Dark Orange, Solid Orange, Light Orange). Rule of thumb, the lighter 
the mana core’s color was, the purer one’s mana core was, and the more power they 
would have access to.
While the lessons with my father proved useful, I was getting impatient at the pace we 
were moving at. I asked mother a couple days later, “Mom, can I get books on magic?”
Since my mother still had some connections in the Guild Hall (Adventurer Guild), she 
managed to acquire a pretty wide collection of books on basic mana manipulation, as 
well as fighting with different weapons. Some of them were just picture books with 
only simple words and mostly pictures of basics on how mana was condensed, but I 
ignored those. My mother gave me a strange look because the books that I’d been 
looking at were on a higher level. She assumed I wouldn’t even be able to understand 
most of the words in there and tried to cajole me into some of the simpler books, 
saying that it would be easier to understand, but eventually, she relented.
A typical day would involve taking reading and writing lessons from mother and 
augmenting training with my father. After he covered the basic theory and application 
of augmenting, we started physical training. Seeing how my body was too small to 
start sparring, we opted to running and body workouts. I think seeing my three-yearold body trying to do a pushup would be the funniest thing, but my father did a good 
job holding in his laughter.
When I’m not taking either of these lessons, I usually stayed cooped up in the newly 
improved library, reading and meditating to further condense my mana core.
As the year passed by with not much happening outside of my typical schedule, my 
father spoke up while we were having dinner one night.
“Honey, I think it’s time we get Art a proper mentor.”
A *clang* drowned out the silence as my mother dropped her fork onto her plate.
“What? Reynolds! Arthur isn’t even four yet! No! Besides, you said that if our son was 
an augmenter, you’d be able to teach him!” Mother spoke with an evident desperation.
“I also never expected our son to be this much of a prodigy in mana manipulation. Who 
has ever heard of an awakening at the age of three?” Father responded a lot more 
calmly.
“But that means he’ll have to leave home! He’s only four, Reynolds! We can’t have our 
baby leave home at such an early age!”
“You don’t get it. When I observe his body while he meditates, I can’t help but feel that 
all of this is natural to him. Alice honey, I’m holding my son back by trying to teach him 
something he can do in his sleep.”
Thus began my parents’ quarrel.
They went back and forth, basically repeating their initial points; mother kept saying 
that I was too young, father kept saying that they couldn’t hold me back from reaching 
my full potential, blah blah.
In the meantime, I was playing a game of war with my food—the peas attacked for the 
Mother Empire, while the carrots of the Father Nation desperately defended their 
land.
Finally, my parents settled down and my father turned to me.
“Art, this is concerning you, so you have a say in this as well. How would you feel about 
going to a big city and having a teacher?”
Fantastic…
I applauded the effort for trying to make this fair, though I don’t think he realized he 
was trying to ask a four-year-old to make a decision that would ultimately change his 
life.
Trying to conclude this little argument, I said, “Can I at least try meeting some mentors 
and have them see if I need to be tutored or not?”
Silence.
Did I step on a land mine? Was I not supposed to be this articulate in my sentences at 
my current age? Are they mad because I didn’t choose a side?
Having no confidence in keeping a poker face, I looked down and waited for their 
response.
Thankfully, none of my fears were on their minds. My mother finally spoke. Quietly, 
she muttered, “We’ll at least formally have his mana core and channels tested. We can 
figure out what to do from there.”
As my father nodded in agreement, we began making preparations the next day. When 
I said what I did last night, I assumed we’d be going to a nearby town or city, a day’s 
worth of travel away, maximum, to have me tested by a qualified mage. Boy, was I 
wrong.
We were making preparations for a three-week-long journey. A journey on a carriage, 
pulled by a couple of horses through the Grand Mountains to a city called Xyrus.
A book I had read popped into my mind. I recalled reading about a floating piece of 
land built by an elite organization of conjurers for the sole purpose of housing the 
most prestigious Mage Academy. A city was later built around the academy, both the 
City and the academy named after the leader of the organization, Xyrus.
How was it possible to keep a piece of land, hundreds of kilometers long, afloat? 
Magnetism? Then the land beneath the city would be affected by it. Did the city have 
its own gravitational field?
Anyway!
This journey was going to be long. It’s times like these that I wished modern sources 
of transportation existed. In order to get to the city, we’d have to enter through one of 
the designated teleportation gates in the Grand Mountains, otherwise, it would easily 
take months to travel across towns to reach the gate below the actual city, which 
floated near the border of the Kingdom of Sapin and Darv.
One reason why my father pushed for us to go on this journey now was because his 
ex-party members had recently stopped by and were on their way to the city of Xyrus.
Going now, with them, meant that we had three augmenters and two conjurers, along 
with my mother, who was a rare Emitter, and my father, a B-class augmenter. While 
the mountain range didn’t have any mana beasts, there were still the potential dangers 
of bandits and wild animals.
While my mother and father took care of packing all of the necessities, I packed my 
wooden sword and two books (Encyclopedia of Dicathen and Foundations of Mana 
Manipulation) for the journey.
By mid-morning, we were ready to head out.
After tying my knapsack, with my books and a couple of snacks, to my back and 
strapping my wooden sword to my waist, I grasped my mother’s hand and followed 
my parents to meet their ex-party members.
Although I’d heard about them from time to time from father, I never visited the home 
while they were helping rebuild it, so it would be my first time meeting them.
The information I learned from my father about the party, Twin Horns, consisted of 
the following:
Helen Shard: Female augmenter, specializing in magic archery.
Adam Krensh: Male augmenter, whose main weapon was the spear.
Jasmine Flamesworth: Female augmenter, who specialized in speed with dual daggers.
Angela Rose: Female conjurer, specializing in Wind Magic.
Durden Walker: Male conjurer, specializing in Earth Magic.
We reached the inn they were staying at in Ashber and saw them out in front, near the 
stables.
My father, hugging his ex-party members, exclaimed, “Fellas, I want you guys to meet 
my son, Arthur! Go on Art, introduce yourself.”
Giving a slight half bow while looking up at them, I introduced myself.
“Hello. My father has told me great things about his fellow Twin Horns members.
Thank you for traveling with us to Xyrus. We’ll be in your hands.”
“HAHAHA, what is this? Such manners! Are you sure he’s your son, Rey?”
The one to respond was the Spear wielder, Adam. Taking a closer look at him, he 
seemed like the energetic, talkative type. While fairly good-looking, he had bright red 
hair tied in a messy poof at the end, almost like a flame, and a couple of bangs escaping 
from the hair tie. He reminded me of some sort of vagabond. His eyes were bright and 
almost seemed like they were always laughing. The first thing I noticed though, was 
the scar across his nose, reaching both cheeks.
I felt myself getting picked up.
“Awww… Isn’t he just too precious? You should be glad he doesn’t look like you, 
Reynolds.”
Peeling my face away from what felt like a memory foam death trap before she 
suffocated me in those gigantic breasts, I took a good look at the woman who was 
trying to kill me. Boy, was she pretty. I mean, while not as pretty as my mother, she 
gave off the whole “royal princess” vibe with her long blond hair that came to a curl at 
the ends and radiant green eyes that drooped slightly.
Just as my hands were about to give out and my face about to enter the twin abyssal 
hills, a strong pair of hands grabbed me by the knapsack strapped to my back, 
whisking me away from the well-endowed woman.
“Angela, you’re hurting him,” a deep voice grunted.
There I hung, like a kitten being carried by his mother by the scruff of his neck, unable 
to move.
My eyes stayed fixedly on the giant.
Easily passing two meters in height with a staff strapped to his back, the giant carefully 
lowered me back onto the ground and tidied my clothes gently.
How genteel.
I imagined riding on his shoulders like a mighty steed the whole way. I looked up at 
him, my eyes getting bigger as I pondered.
He had very narrow eyes and eyebrows that slanted down, giving him an almost 
innocent face, compared to his enormous body that stretched passed two meters. The 
short, scruffy black hair on his head completed the shaggy dog image on him.
Dusting my clothes off, I turned to face the woman that looked slightly younger than 
everyone else. She had straight black hair, back half tied up with a ribbon, red, halfopened eyes and curt-looking lips, making her seem very brusque.
“Mhm,” she slightly nodded, and then turned away.
Ah… a woman of few words. How charming.
My eyes fixed on her as she walked away towards the stable. I spotted two short 
daggers strapped to her lower back, just above the hips.
The last member of the Twin Horns was Helen Shard. She patted my head lightly and 
smiled a charming smile at me. The word that I would use to describe Miss Helen 
would be sharp. Sharp eyes, sharp, perky nose, thin red lips, and a flat chest, almost 
boyish, with her shoulder-length hair tied tightly in the back. I can’t help but get 
charmed by her charismatic ambience. She seemed to exude this ‘we can do anything 
if we believe’ atmosphere from her pores that made her practically glow. Clothed in 
light leather armor covering her ches… I mean, breasts, and bow and arrows strapped
to her back, I couldn’t help but compare her to an elf, but quickly abandoned that 
thought after seeing her rounded ears.
I hopped onto the carriage furthest back with the help of a little mana reinforcing my 
legs. Lately, I’d gotten the hang of using my mana to reinforce my body. I had yet to 
fully test what I was capable of, in fear of giving my parents heart attacks by showing 
off too much, but it was getting a bit more natural to direct my mana from my core 
through my mana channels.
After our party finished loading in all of our travel necessities into the two carriages 
we were taking, we strapped in what I thought would be horses. It turned out, this 
world has domesticated mana beasts called Skitters for transportation. These giant 
lizards, with spikes across their backs and powerful claws, were D class monsters that 
were a lot more efficient to use, and more expensive, than horses when traveling 
mountain terrain.
Let the journey begin!
By nightfall, the once distant mountain range seemed to have doubled in size. I 
wondered how big the Grand Mountain range would be when we reached the foot.
Needless to say, I was excited to get out of the tiny outpost of Ashber that is my home 
town.
We eventually stopped to make camp near a small cluster of boulders. It was a good 
spot with the rocks blocking off nearly all of the wind and lot of scrap wood from fallen 
branches to use as campfire.
One thing I detested the most about this body is how much sleep I required. I slept 
most of the way and I still felt a bit heavy-eyed after being awake for a few hours.
After setting up a couple of tents around the fire, my father and mother had just begun 
conversing with the Twin Horns about old times when Helen sat down next to me and 
said nonchalantly, “I heard your pops say that you’re some kind of genius mage… Is it 
true you’ve already awakened?”
Not knowing how to respond, I just replied with the truth.
She began asking me how I felt when I had awakened and what color my mana core 
currently was. By this time, a couple of curious ears perked up as Adam asked, “Hey 
Reynolds, do you mind if I test little Art?”
If I could’ve interjected, I might’ve said something along the lines of, ‘Maybe mockfighting with someone my age isn’t a great idea since a normal three-year-old’s great 
accomplishments at this point would be going up and down stairs with alternating 
feet, walking in a circle, and if he was really coordinated, balancing on one foot for 
several seconds,’ but I guess these thoughts never occurred to anyone here.
Both my father and mother seemed at least a bit hesitant at first, but trusting their old 
comrade, my father just replied, “Alright, but be careful. I haven’t had the chance to 
teach him how to properly fight yet. We’ve just been doing light strength and mana 
exercises ‘til now.”
Adam got up from his makeshift log seat and looked around until he found a short 
stick he felt satisfied with.
“Come here Kid. Haha, let’s see what you’re made of!”
I didn’t know if his goal was to beat some sense into the kid he assumed had gotten an 
inflated ego since he heard I was some sort of genius or if he was genuinely trying to 
gauge my strength, but by the smug grin he had on his face while looking down at me 
(even if it was only natural for him to physically look down at me, it still irked me), I 
assumed it might’ve been for the former reason.
Retrieving the wooden sword, I received as a present from my parents, I walked to the 
edge of the camp where Adam was waiting near a small clearing.
“You know how to reinforce your weapon right, genius?” he asked.
By this time, my father already sensed that Adam was just trying to put on a show of 
dominance for his little boy, but he just watched, knowing he wouldn’t hurt me too 
much.
Many thanks, dear father.
My mother looked a bit more anxious as she kept glancing back and forth between me, 
Adam, and my father, keeping a firm hold onto her husband’s sleeve.
Well, at least mother was here to heal me if I got hurt, right?
I focused my gaze on Adam, who was just around 5 meters away from me. Images of 
my past life, dueling other kings with my country and loved ones at stake, popped up 
into my head. My eyes narrowed, restricting my vision to only the man in front of me.
He was the opponent now.
I willed mana into my legs and dashed forward with both my hands gripping the 
wooden sword to my right…
His smug look still present, Adam prepared to block my horizontal swing when I 
feinted and used special footwork I developed in my old world meant for dueling.
Almost instantly, I blinked a foot diagonally to his right. Curse this body! I couldn’t 
perfectly execute the skill because of the height and weight difference compared to my 
old body. I wasn’t used to this 40- pound, 110cm body. While I didn’t reach the area I 
was aiming for, unfortunately for Adam, he already prepared his wooden stick to block 
my swing from the other direction, so his right side was unprotected.
His smug look all but vanished and was replaced by a look of surprise, with his eyes 
opening wide, as he realized what was about to happen.
Swinging my wooden sword to his open ribcage, I reinforced the sword with mana at 
the last moment to conserve my mana, because I knew I was definitely at a 
disadvantage against a veteran like him.
The look of surprise on Adam lasted all but a split second before he pivoted his right 
foot with almost inhuman speed. I squatted in time to dodge his upward swing and 
switched my stance from a thrust to a spinning swipe and landed a blow on his left 
ankle using all my momentum. His ankle gave out at that moment, throwing Adam off 
balance.
Or so I thought.
He actually did a full on split, followed by a roundhouse sweep with his legs as soon 
as he was on the ground.
This body wouldn’t be able to take a hit like that, so I jumped up to dodge his legs 
when, from my peripheral view, I saw the flash of brown from his wooden stick.
With no time to use the blade to block the swing, I thrust the pommel of my sword, 
timing it so Adam’s wooden stick and the end of my handle would clash.
Newton’s Third Law of Motion suddenly came to mind.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction.
And boy, was the opposite reaction painful. While I did block the blow successfully, my 
4-year-old body couldn’t withstand the force of the blow and I flew before gracefully 
skidding on the ground like a flat rock on a lake.
Thankfully, I reinforced my whole body before I took the blow or I would’ve seriously 
gotten hurt.
Groaning, I sat myself up and rubbed my throbbing head. I looked up, only to see seven 
stupefied faces staring at me.
My mother recovered first, shaking her head. She rushed towards me and immediately 
mumbled a healing spell around my body.
Out of the corner of my eye, I spotted Durden thumping Adam’s head with enough 
force to make him stumble forward. Heh~
“Art honey, are you okay? How do you feel?”
“I’m fine Mom, don’t worry.”
Adam’s voice cuts in, “Haven’t taught him how to fight, my ass! How the hell did you 
train this little monster?” he groaned, still rubbing his head.
“I didn’t teach him that,” my father managed to mutter.
He shook himself out of the stupor and came next to me to ask if I was okay. I just 
nodded my head.
My father picked me up and gently lowered me back down where I was sitting before 
and squatted down in front of me so he was eye level.
“Art, where did you learn to fight like that?”
Deciding to feign ignorance, I said, putting on a nonchalant face, “I learned by reading 
books and watching you, Dad.”
I didn’t think saying, “Hey dad, I was the King Duelist representative of my country 
from a world where diplomatic and international issues are settled by battles. I just 
happened to be reincarnated as your son… Surprise,” would get a hearty reaction from 
him.
“Sorry for roughing you up there, little buddy. I didn’t expect I would need to use that 
much strength to get you off me.”
Seeing Adam apologize gave me just a bit of a better impression of him. I guess he 
wasn’t a total jerk.
I heard a faint voice from my side. “Your fighting style is… unique. How did you do that 
step after the feint?”
Wow! Two complete sentences! That was the longest string of words Jasmine had said 
this entire trip, by far.
I feel so honored.
“Thank you?” I responded.
I reorganized my thoughts before trying to explain in steps what I did.
“It’s a simple technique, really. Since I was feinting to Mr. Krensh’s right side, I placed 
my right foot forward as the last step before the feint. There, I instantly focused my 
mana into the right foot, pushing myself back, and at the same time, I bring my left leg 
behind right, aimed at an angle towards where I wanted to go, focusing mana into my 
left foot this time, but with more power than when I used mana on my right, so that I 
don’t propel myself backwards instead of the direction I want to actually go to.”
That was a mouthful.
I looked around to see Adam, Helen, and even my father head towards the clearing, 
trying to test out what I just explained.
When I turned back to face Jasmine, I only saw her back as she rushed towards the 
clearing as well.
Mother sat down next to me, patting my head with a gentle smile on her face that 
seemed to say, “you did well.” Angela came up to me too, burying my face, or rather my 
whole head, in her bosom, cheerfully exclaiming, “Cute AND talented, aren’t you? Why 
couldn’t you have been born earlier so that this sister could snatch you up herself?!”
Blushing, I willed myself away from those breasts that I suspected to have their own 
gravitational pull. Those… weapons were dangerous.
My guardian angel, Durden, was a lot calmer about all of this and just gave me a 
thumbs up. He’s so cool.
The night passed as the four idiots spent most of the time trying to master the feint 
step while I slept in the tent with Mother.
A couple of days passed as we finally managed to make it to the foot of the Grand 
Mountains, which, by the way, sure lived up to its name.
Along the way, only Helen managed to lay down her pride and ask me for some 
clarification on the feint step. I went over it slowly, explaining what the timing of the 
interval between the last right foot and the left foot should be and how to properly 
balance the output of mana into both feet so you could go the way you’re aiming. The 
whole time, I could almost see the ears of the other three idiots getting bigger as they 
tried to suck in the information that I gave her, nodding while taking mental notes.
The first one to succeed was Jasmine. She seemed like the cold, genius type. I guess it 
was true.
She pulled me aside one day, nearly blushing, while I was taking reading and writing 
lessons on the back of the carriage with mother and asked me to watch.
We had to take a small stop so the carriages wouldn’t leave us behind. After 
successfully demonstrating the feint step to me, I applauded saying “Amazing! You 
learned it so quickly!”
It’s one of the most basic techniques I developed, but I wasn’t going to tell her that.
She responded curtly saying, “It was nothing,” but the upward curvature of her lips 
and the slight, proud twitch of her nose showed otherwise.
Haha, she’s happy.
By the time we had arrived at the foot of the Grand Mountains, all four of the idiots 
managed to learn the technique, changing it slightly to fit their own fighting style.
The next step of the journey was ascending up the mountains. Luckily, there was a 
path around two carriages wide that circled around the mountain, eventually leading 
to the teleportation gate at the top.
The front carriage included Durden, holding the reins in the front, with father besides 
him to keep him company. This carriage held most of our luggage. Helen was currently 
seated on the top of the second carriage, the one I was riding in, scouting for any 
abnormalities. Angela sat in the back carriage with my mom and me, while Adam 
walked behind us, keeping guard. While Jasmine steered the carriage, I kept noticing 
how she turned her head back and stared at me, almost making *jiii* sounds. Is she 
expecting me to show her other techniques or something? Every time I met her gaze, 
she quickly turned her head back to the front.
Is she five?
Speaking of age, I turned 4 on the first leg of our journey to the foot of the Grand 
Mountains. I don’t know when Mother prepared a cake, or where she even put it (or if 
it’s even edible!), but I didn’t complain, put on a big smile, and thanked her and 
everyone else. While everyone gave me a hug or a pat on the back, Jasmine surprised 
me when she handed me a short knife, simply declaring, “Present.”
Aww she cares! I’m tearing up.
Fortunately, our journey up the mountain was rather uneventful. I spent a lot of my 
time reading my book on mana manipulation, trying to find more discrepancies 
between mana and ki. So far, it seemed pretty similar except that, in rare cases, an 
augmenter’s mana usage could take on the property of elements. Reading on, I noticed 
that for beginners who were able to dabble in this, it wasn’t as distinct as what you 
might see when conjurers casted spells, but more like the quality of each distinct 
element.
For example, an augmenter, assuming he has an innate compatibility with fire, would 
have mana that showed an explosive quality when used. Water would naturally have 
a smooth, flexible quality. Earth would have a firm and rigid quality. Finally, Wind 
would have the quality of a sharp blade.
That’s strange. Back in my old world, these kinds of qualities in ki had nothing to do 
with elements, but rather depended on how you utilized your ki. Shaping the ki into 
points and edges would give it the so-called “wind element,” while storing up your 
mana into a single point and bursting it at the last moment would give it the “fire 
element” and so on. Sure, practitioners had preferences and were naturally better at 
practicing one style more than the other, but I wouldn’t go as far as to say it was rare.
Only the most basic use of ki involved reinforcing the body and weapons.
I would have to test this with mana in the future. Being stuck in a four-year-old body 
with constant supervision by suspicious adults made practicing really hard.
I kept reading on when suddenly, Helen’s alarmed voice rang in my ears.
“BANDITS! PREPARE TO ENGAGE!” she shouted as a rumble of footsteps came from 
our right and rear.
“Submit, O’ wind and follow my will. I command and gather you around in protection.
Wind Barrier!” Instantly, I feel a gust of wind forming a tornado around Mother, 
Angela, and I. Then the gust bent into a sphere around us.
Angela was holding out her wand, concentrating on keeping the barrier active while 
arrows constantly bombarded the barrier, only to get redirected in a different 
direction.
My mother pulled me in close, trying to shield me, using her body, from whatever 
might get through. Thankfully, her efforts didn’t seem to be necessary as the barrier 
held strong.
In a matter of seconds, the tarp covering the carriage was torn to shreds and I get a 
better view of the situation at hand.
We were completely surrounded.
Just from what I could see, there were at least thirty bandits. Our current situation 
was unfavorable at best, as both our path forward and our retreat back were blocked 
off by bandits wielding swords, spears, and other close ranged weapons. On the 
mountainside to our right, there were archers positioned atop a cliff, their bows aimed 
at us, while only the steep edge of the mountain with looming fog beckoned to our left.
Jasmine, Durden, and my father seemed to be fine, with no visible injuries, but Helen 
had an unhealthy pale complexion that seemed to be a result of the arrow jutting from 
her right calf.
A bald man with multiple scars deforming his face and a body of a bear, carrying a 
giant battle axe, spoke out. “Look what we have here. Pretty good catch, boys. Leave 
only the girls and the kid alive. Try not to scar them too much. Damaged goods will 
only sell for less,” he snorted with a smirk that revealed a nearly toothless mouth.
Damaged goods…
I felt my body temperature rising, tensing from a smoldering anger I haven’t felt 
towards someone in a while.
Being sheltered in the bubble of my home had almost made me forget that any world 
has its own share of trash like him.
I was ready to rush towards this brute, almost forgetting the fact that I was now in a 
four-year-old’s body, when my father yelled out, “There are only 4 mages and none of 
them seem to be conjurers! The rest are normal warriors!”
Faint mana fluctuations around a person’s body made mages distinguishable 
compared to normal humans, only apparent if studied closely. As for whether they 
were an augmenter or conjurer, making an inference based on physical structure and 
the weapon they were holding gave me a pretty solid idea.
I could visibly see how quickly my father reverted back to his former adventurer days 
when he had once led the Twin Horns as his expression held the wisdom that could 
only come from experience. He donned his gauntlets, shouting, “Safeguard 
Formation!”
Adam quickly arrived behind us as he faced the back of the road, spear pointed, while 
Jasmine and Helen came to our left with both of their weapons unsheathed, facing 
ahead. My father and Durden faced the mountainside, positioning themselves to 
protect us from the archers overhead. Meanwhile, Angela maintained her position, 
preparing another spell as she kept her wind barrier active.
“Gather and guard my allies, O’ benevolent Earth; do not let them be harmed!”
[Earth Wall]
The ground rumbled as a four-meter earthen wall transmuted up from the ground, 
curving up in front of Durden.
Using that moment, my father burst forward, raising his gauntlets in a guard position 
against the arrows towards the enemy archers.
Moments later, Angela finished her spell and unleashed a torrent of wind blades, 
aimed at the front and back of the path. That was apparently the cue as Adam and 
Jasmine shadowed behind the wind spell, arriving in front of our distraught enemies 
that were covering their vitals against the flurry of blades. Helen remained, her arrow 
nocked and bow drawn, imbuing the tip with mana that shined in a faint blue light.
It didn’t take a genius to realize that this arrangement was ideal for protecting 
valuable goods or people. With two layers of protection from the conjurers and an 
archer mage ready to snipe anyone who managed to cross the assaults of Adam, 
Jasmine, and Father into the defense line, it was a standard, yet, well-thought-out 
formation.
“Warrior coming your way, Helen!” Adam shouted as he dodged the swing of a mace, 
delivering a precise swipe to the jugular of the unfortunate bandit. His eyes widened 
as he dropped his weapon, desperately trying to seal the fatal wound with his 
trembling hands as blood spurted out through the gaps between his fingers.
Mother was holding me firmly in her bosom as she tried to shield my eyes from the 
scenes of gore happening around us. Fortunately for me, she wasn’t looking down at 
me, so she didn’t realize that I could see fairly clearly.
Meanwhile, a scruffy, middle-aged man wielding a machete lunged towards Angela, 
hoping to disrupt the spell. Although the wind blade spell didn’t seem all too powerful, 
it provided a painful distraction that was keeping us on equal footing, despite our lack 
of numbers.
I tried to free myself to block the man before he got in range to attack Angela, but 
before I could pull myself away from my mother, it was already over.
The fierce sound of the show came only after the arrow had done its job. Helen’s shot 
had carried a force powerful enough to pierce through the armored chest of the 
machete-wielding bandit and lift him up and back a half-dozen meters, nailing him 
into the ground.
I took a brief moment to take a mental note: wise men ought not to piss off Helen.
Helen’s eyes narrowed as she nocked and drew another arrow. Focusing, I could faintly 
see the mana gathering into her right eye as she shut her left. Soon, another reinforced 
arrow streaked through, followed by a sharp hiss, ignoring all opposing air resistance 
as it closed in on another enemy fighter.
This man vaguely resembled a smaller Durden, except more muscular and with more 
angular of a face. His brows furrowing in concentration, his giant sword, which was 
his height, had somehow reached the arrow in time, generating the sound of a bullet 
hitting metal. The enemy fighter slid back, but wasn’t harmed as he anchored his 
greatsword into the ground, using it to balance himself. However, before he even had 
the chance to smirk in content, a second arrow pierced through his forehead. It was a 
grim sight, seeing the light drain from his eyes.
Jasmine was engaged in an intense duel against an augmenter, whose weapon was a 
long chain whip. It looked like Jasmine was at a disadvantage since the range of her 
two daggers was lacking. She was doing all she could to dodge the erratic movements 
of the whip.
By now, it was evident that the enemy had realized how much she was struggling as 
he jeered while licking his lips. “I’ll make sure to treat you real well before we sell you 
off as a slave, little missy. Don’t worry. By the time I’m done training you, you’ll be 
begging to stay with me,” he hissed, followed by another lick of his lips.
The very thought made me shudder, but, at this point, all I could do was clench my 
fists in frustration. Against a fighter, I had a chance. Against an adult augmenter? I 
didn’t have the confidence in winning.
It pained me to stay in the protection of everyone while they risked their lives. I tried 
to come up with ways to help, but, so far, none came to mind. I could only grit my teeth 
and endure.
Surveying the battle, I saw that the earth wall was holding strong, none of the arrows 
being able to penetrate through. Focusing on Durden, I watched his left hand that was 
directed towards the earth wall as he maintained a constant flow of mana to keep it 
from collapsing. He formed a narrow slit in the middle of the wall to gain vision on my 
father and the archers scattering, trying to run away.
“Take heed, Mother Earth, and answer my call. Pierce my enemies. Let none of them 
live.”
[Rupture Spike]
After a brief delay, a dozen spikes began shooting up from the ground at the bandit 
archers. While a few managed to dodge, many of the bandits were impaled, their 
screams only lasting a couple of moments before dying.
Durden looked recognizably drained from that spell; his jaw clenched as beads of 
sweat ran down his pale face…
It was at this moment that I noticed my mother had taken out a wand. Her trembling 
fingers were fumbling with it before she shook her head and stuffed it back into her 
robe. In the wand’s stead, she held onto me tighter.
There was no one from our side injured besides Helen, who had bound the wound on 
her calf. Fortunately, the arrow wasn’t lodged in too deep, thanks to Helen’s mana 
reinforcement; by the time she wound it, the bleeding had stopped, but throughout 
this whole time, my mother had a constant look of paranoia, her face pale with worry.
I couldn’t help but notice that her hand kept reaching for the wand in her robe until 
she decided to draw it back, last minute. Her eyes never stayed fixed to one place, 
always turning left and right, trying to look out for anything that could harm us.
While a little confused at first, I dismissed it, mentally concluding that, since she hadn’t 
been an adventurer for too long, unlike my father, she was simply not used to 
situations like this.
The battle was coming to its peak. The bandit group had not suspected that every one 
of our group members would be a capable mage. Because of that calculation error, all 
of the melee fighters were dead, the only ones alive being the four mages and a couple 
of scattered archers on the run.
Jasmine was still having trouble with the perverted chain user, but the arrogance on 
his face was wiped clean by this time, with a couple of nicks and cuts on his body 
dripping blood.
Adam was engaged with a dual-sworded augmenter. His fighting style reminded me of 
a snake, with his flexible maneuvers and sudden attacks.
He should be considered one of the rare elemental augmenters with a water-attribute 
style.
Reinforcing the shaft of his spear to be flexible, his attacks were a mirage of quick 
thrusts and fluid swipes. The battle looked to be in his favor; the dual wielder had 
wounds that were profusely bleeding as he desperately tried to parry the onslaught of 
attacks.
A thundering crash shifted my attention away from Adam’s battle. My father had been 
knocked down against the debris of what was now left of the [Earth Wall] spell and 
was struggling to pick himself up as blood dribbled down from the side of his lips.
“Dad!!”
“Honey!”
I rushed out of the wind barrier, kneeling in front of Father, my mother following 
immediately behind. I could see the panic written on her face as she nervously 
contemplated what she could do.
I didn’t know why she wasn’t healing him—maybe because she was so startled—but 
just when I was about to suggest it, my father cut me off.
“Cough! Alice, listen to me. Don’t worry about me. If you use a healing spell right now, 
they’ll realize what you are and try that much harder to capture you. They’ll be willing 
to sacrifice a lot more if they know!” he stressed, his voice in a low whisper.
After a brief, trembling hesitation, my mother took out her wand and began chanting.
I would’ve assumed that her stammered chanting was caused by seeing her husband 
injured, but for some reason, it felt like she was almost… afraid of using her magic.
Father turned to me after giving up trying to persuade his wife.
“Art, listen carefully. After the healing spell activates, they’re going to try to capture 
your mother at all costs. After I’m healed enough, I’m going to engage the leader and 
try to buy more time. I think I can beat him, but not if I have to worry about protecting 
you guys. Take your mother back down the road and don’t stop; Adam will open up a 
path for you.”
“No dad! I’m staying with you. I can fight! You saw me! I can help!” Consideration for 
being mature eluded me. It seemed like at this moment, I was really acting like the 
four-year-old I was on the outside, but I didn’t care. I wasn’t going to leave behind my 
family whom I’ve grown to love and friends who I’ve bonded with so much this past 
week and a half.
“LISTEN TO ME, ARTHUR LEYWIN!” Father agonizingly roared. This was the first time 
hearing his voice like this; the kind of voice that one would only use for desperate 
measures.
“I know you can fight! That’s why I’m entrusting your mother to you. Protect her and 
protect the baby inside her. I’ll catch up to you after this is over.”
His words shook my mind like thunder.
Protect her and protect the baby inside her…
Suddenly, everything clicked. Why she was acting so paranoid. Why she was clutching 
me and making sure nothing got even close to us. Why both Durden and Angela were 
guarding us with defensive spells, instead of just one of them.
My mother was pregnant.
“I was planning on telling you when we arrived in Xyrus, but…” Not finishing his 
sentence, father just looked at me sheepishly, still pale from the blow he received from 
the bald, axe-wielding boss.
“Okay, I’ll protect Mom.”
“Atta boy. That’s my son.”
My mother finished her chant at this time and both she and my father glowed in a 
bright golden-white light.
“Sonova— One of them’s a healer! Don’t let her get away!” the leader roared.
I quickly grabbed my mother’s arm with both hands and tugged at her to move while 
reinforcing myself with mana.
We reached the area Adam and the dual-wielder were battling a dozen meters down 
the road.
“Art, hurry down, I got him!” Adam barked as he kept his opponent at bay.
The dual-wielder was obviously frustrated by the inability to neither reach me nor 
mother because of Adam. We hurried down the slope when I heard a faint *wizz* 
sound to our left. Acting on instinct, I jumped up, bringing my wooden sword up and 
reinforcing my whole body and the sword to withstand the blow of the incoming 
arrow.
A splintering crack resonated as the arrow met the wooden sword. Fortunately, the 
arrow wasn’t reinforced with any mana so, even though the force pushed me back, I 
was able to regain balance midair by using the force of the shot, rotating my body and 
redirecting the arrow away. I landed on my feet a bit less impressively than I wanted 
to, throwing away what was left of my wooden sword.
“What the— Ugh!”
…Was all I heard from the assailant before he was promptly impaled by an arrow fired 
by Helen.
“GO!” she exclaimed, nocking in another arrow and firing it at the leader of the bandits 
to support my father.
That was weird.
Currently, Jasmine, Adam, and my father, along with Helen, were each fighting a mage.
Wasn’t there four?
“Damien! Forget the plan, don't let them live!” the leader barked out.
Who was he commanding?
“…respond to my call and wash all to oblivion!” a faint voice finished chanting.
[Water Cannon]
From the mountainside, one of the scattered “archers” had his hands brought together, 
aimed at me and mother. We were tricked. He had camouflaged himself during the 
chaos. He wasn’t an archer or even an augmenter. He was a conjurer!
Shit!
I didn’t have much time to react as a huge sphere of pressurized water, at least three 
meters in diameter, shot towards us, increasing in size as it neared.
My mind raced, trying to come up with options.
To my immediate right was my mother, and to my left were Adam and his opponent 
not far off; and behind me, of course, was the edge of the mountain. Even if I could 
dodge this, mother wouldn’t be able to and she’d be forced off the ledge of the 
mountain.
What should I do?
“Dammit!” I let out a roar unfit for a four-year-old!
Willing all of the remaining mana left in this cursed body, I tackled my mother, 
propelling both of us out of the way.
I quickly realized my forty-pound body didn’t carry enough momentum to push both 
us of out of range of the water cannon.
No choice!
If I was going down, I was going to make sure to take that bastard down with me!
I channeled mana into my arms and pushed my mother farther down, out of range. In 
that moment, everything seemed to be moving in slow motion as my mother’s eyes 
slowly widened in panic and disbelief. She might get a pretty bad bruise from the push, 
but minor bodily injuries were the least of my problems at that moment. If she didn’t 
want to get hit with another spell, I had to get rid of this conjurer.
Unsheathing the knife Jasmine gave me from my waist, I imbued it with mana. What I 
was trying to do I had only done with ki in my old world, never with mana.
After willing mana into the knife, I threw it like a boomerang, aiming it at the conjurer, 
who was still concentrating on the water cannon. Barely curving around the edge of 
the giant cannonball of water, I heard the firm thud of the knife meeting skin.
The mage let out a shrill howl of pain followed by a string of curses, indicating that the 
mage wasn’t dead.
Losing concentration, the mage’s water cannon lost shape, but unfortunately, there 
was still a surge of water strong enough to push me off the cliff.
Time for plan B.
Plan B was just in case my initial throw couldn’t kill him. I managed to succeed in the 
gamble of Plan B, and that was creating a thin string of mana attached to the knife, 
currently engorged somewhere in the conjurer’s body, to my hand.
I tugged back on the mana string just as the spell rammed against my body like a brick 
wall, knocking every ounce of air I had in my lungs and most likely breaking my ribs.
Like a fish caught on the line, I could hear the mage’s scream over the gushing tide of 
water as he was helplessly dragged down with me by the force of his own spell.
Even as my vision began darkening, I was able to see the battle coming to an end.
Father and Helen had just managed to kill the leader. Angela, providing Jasmine with 
backup, allowed them to put the whip-user on his last stand. Meanwhile, I spotted 
Durden as he was desperately conjuring a spell in order to save me, but I knew it was 
too late; the spell had knocked me too far away.
Still, I was comforted in the fact that everyone would be okay. Maybe the only thing I 
would regret was being unable to see my baby sibling.
With that, I felt the cold grip of sleep steal me away.
Damn… I had always wanted to be an older brother.
The blurred sight of a familiar setting made me blink a few times to reconfirm that 
what I was seeing wasn’t a dream. From the looks of it, I seemed to be back in my old 
body. Getting up from the couch that I was sitting on, I left my room in the castle. A 
young maid, who had been waiting for me just outside, greeted me respectfully, 
immediately on sight.
“G-good morning King Grey.”
I didn’t even bother glancing towards her direction, walking as she followed a couple 
meters away.
Reaching the courtyard where all of the trainees were lined up with swords held in 
front of them, I turned my attention to the instructors yelling at them about proper 
stance and breathing. When one of them saw me, he immediately turned and gave a 
firm military salute, with the other instructors and trainees following suit.
I simply motioned for them to continue before continuing. Reaching my destination, I 
pushed open the double doors, arriving in front of an aged man with a head of thick 
white hair that matched his long beard, and emerald eyes that shined with a sense of 
cunning wisdom and knowledge. He was the head of The Council, Marlorn.
While I held the position of “King,” I couldn’t help but consider myself as just a glorified 
soldier. The ones who actually governed the country, managing the politics and 
economy, was The Council.
So what came of my position as King?
The title of King meant that I was actually more of a one-man army. Due to the 
decreasing numbers of children born and limited amount of resources, The Councils 
of each country assembled and, after countless months of discussion and arguments, 
came to the conclusion that if wars continued to exist, we would eventually wipe 
ourselves out.
Getting rid of war would lead to two major outcomes: decrease in the death count, 
leading to population growth, and a decrease in destroyed harvestable land and 
resources from the result of nuclear arms. The solution that they came up with and 
enacted was to replace wars with a different form of combat.
What replaced wars became known as the Paragon Duels. Whenever there was a 
dispute on a level that impacted the state of the country, a Paragon Duel would be 
declared, with each country sending in a representative that they deemed was the 
strongest.
Looking up, Marlorn exclaimed with the standard fake, picturesque smile that seemed 
to be an inborn trait amongst politicians, “King Grey! What brings you to my humble 
dwelling?”
“I’m retiring.”
Without even giving him the chance to react, I unclipped my badge, a piece of metal so 
sought after by every practitioner, and slammed it on his giant Oakwood desk, walking 
out the door.
What have I been living for all these years? I was an orphan who had been brought up 
in a camp designed to raise duelers. I was twenty-eight, yet I’ve never dated, never 
loved. I’ve spent my whole life until now solely for the sake of being the strongest.
And for what…?
Admiration? Money? Glory?
I had all of that, but never in a million years would I choose to have that over what I 
had in the town of Ashber.
I missed Alice. I missed Reynolds. I missed Durden. I missed Jasmine. I missed Helen.
I missed Angela. I even missed Adam.
…Mother…
…Father…
“COUGH!! COUGH!”
I opened my eyes again, with towering trees and dangling vines filling my vision as I 
lay on my back. However, this time, the excruciating pain that I was welcomed with 
told me I wasn’t dreaming.
Where was I?
How was I alive?
I tried getting up, but my body didn’t listen. The only thing I was able to manage was 
turning my head, and even that involved a series of throbbing pains in my neck.
Looking to my right, I spotted my knapsack. I slowly turned my head to my left, gritting 
my teeth through the pain.
My eyes widened at the sight and I immediately had to resist the urge to vomit. To my 
left was what was left of the conjurer I had dragged down with me. A pool of blood 
surrounded the corpse, whose body probably had more broken bones than ones still 
intact. I could see the white bones of his ribs jutting out of the sunken cavity of the 
chest with a pile of his entrails beside him. His limbs were sprawled out at unnatural 
angles, with the mage’s skull shattered in the back with some brain matter oozing out 
along with blood.
His face was frozen into an expression of surprise and disbelief, except for his 
completely red eyes, as a trail of dried blood was still visible from his eye sockets. I 
couldn’t turn my head away fast enough. With my already weakened body being 
assaulted with both the gruesome sight and repugnant smell, I vomited what was left 
in my stomach until I was left gagging dry heaves.
Even in my past life, I had never come across such a badly mangled corpse. With the 
nauseating stench and insects feasting on the gore, I couldn’t help but feel sick. With 
parts of my face and neck covered in my own regurgitation, I finally managed to turn 
my head to rid my sight of the mage’s grotesque remains.
How was I still alive?
I couldn’t help wondering what had happened while I was unconscious. Clearly, the 
mage was alive up until the landing… so what happened to me?
I should look very similar to this corpse right about now, maybe even worse, but not 
only was I okay, I didn’t even seem to have a broken bone.
I pondered over the possible answers until I was interrupted by a strong grumble from 
my stomach.
Again, I tried getting up, fighting through my body’s protests; the only parts of my 
body that seem to be listening to me as of now was my right arm and my neck up. I 
willed mana into my right arm and used my fingers to claw my way, dragging my body, 
to reach my knapsack. It couldn’t have been more than a meter away, but it took over 
what felt like an hour until I finally managed to reach it. Pulling it closer to me, I 
rummaged through it with my only able hand until I found what I was looking for: the 
dried berries and nuts my mother had packed!
I succeeded in pouring a mouthful of the snack that I brought only because of my 
mother’s insistence. My throat, surprised by the sudden flood of food, responded by 
leaving me in a choking fit of coughs, leading me to another round of agony in my body.
Fumbling for the water sack inside my knapsack, I slowly poured a bit of the water 
into my mouth before placing another handful of the snack into my mouth. Tears 
rolling down the sides of my face and into my ears. I continued chewing on the dried 
rations until passing out again, using my knapsack as a makeshift blanket.
My eyes fluttered open as I stirred awake from the brisk bite of cold. Looking around, 
the position of the first rays of light peeking through the mountains told me it was 
dawn.
This time, I was able to get up, but only with the help of mana. I carefully inspected all 
of my body, making sure everything was in place before allowing myself to relax.
First thing’s first. I made my way to the corpse of the mage while trying to avoid 
looking at the heinous injuries that caused his demise. Spotting the knife I was looking 
for, I quickly jerked it out of his thigh.
I wasn’t sure how long I would have to be here, so having a weapon was critical.
‘Oh, you’re awake.’
I instantly got into a fighting stance, gritting through the pain from the sudden 
movement, with my knife in hand, turning to face the carcass.
I swear to God, if this corpse is the one that’s talking…
A melodic chuckle made me look around for the source of the voice.
‘Do not worry. You won’t have to worry about that corpse reanimating.’
The voice that seemed to come out of nowhere had a dignified, yet soft quality 
emanating a sense of royalty. It was a powerful and resonant, yet silky and soothing 
sound that made you want to trust it.
Still on guard, I managed to mutter a less than elegant response.
“Who are you? Are you the one that saved me?”
‘Yes, to your second question. As for the first, you will soon find out when you arrive 
at my dwelling.’
This voice seemed awfully sure that I would try and find it.
As if reading my thoughts, she continued, ‘I am the only one that will be able to get you 
home from this place, so I advise you to make haste.’
That jerked some sense into me. That’s right! I had to get back home! Mother! Father! 
The Twin Horns! My baby sibling! Are they alright? Did they reach Xyrus safely?
If the voice could really take me back home, I had no choice but to find it.
“Ahem, dear uhh… Mr. Voice? May I ask for the directions to your location so that you 
may bless me with your presence?”
The voice let out another soft chuckle before replying with, ‘Don’t you think it’s a little 
rude to call a lady ‘Mister’? And yes, I’ll show you the way.’
Ahh… so it was a lady.
Immediately, my vision shifted into a bird’s-eye view. Zooming out, a location that was 
roughly around a day’s trip to the east came into sight and lit up before my vision 
shifted back to normal.
‘I recommend departing immediately. It will be a lot safer traveling during the day 
than when it gets dark,’ gently chided the voice.
“Yes Ma’am!” I quickly picked up my knapsack before trotting towards my destination.
It became less painful with each step and, by mid-morning, I was only left with a few 
aches here and there. Whatever that lady did was some powerful magic. I’ve never 
heard or read of casting a spell with that much of a distance. Or maybe she left after 
casting the spell right before I landed? Then how could she have known that we were 
falling, and why did she only save me? The more I tried to solve the mystery, the more 
questions I seemed to end up with.
Hearing a faint gurgling sound, I headed towards the direction, spotting a narrow 
stream.
“Yes!” I exclaimed.
I was absolutely filthy. My face and neck still had the stench of stomach acid, while my 
clothes were torn and caked with grime. Almost sprinting, I cannonballed into the 
stream, vigorously scrubbing clean my face and body. Taking off my clothes and after 
briefly washing them, I laid them down on a nearby rock to dry. After finishing the 
refreshing bath, I walked towards my still damp clothes when…
‘Kukuku… how pleasantly carefree.’
Reflexively, both my hands shot down to cover my precious area as I hunched my back, 
trying to make my body as small as possible.
‘Don’t worry, there wasn’t much to see.’ I shuddered as I almost felt the Voice wink at 
me.
How rude! My pride…
Grumbling, I almost wanted to argue that my body wasn’t developed, but I chose to 
ignore the Voice and put on my clothes.
‘Aww… don’t pout. I apologize,’ the Voice stifled a laugh.
Calm your mind, Arthur. A king must be calm…
After I put on my clothes, the perverted voice seemed to go silent. Not minding too 
much, I rummaged through my bag and dug out the last of my dried rations. Water 
wasn’t going to be a problem for a while since I had just refilled my water sack, but I 
would need food soon; hopefully, the voice would provide me with something.
Looking around, I begin wondering where I was. Since I fell off the mountain towards 
the east, I must be near the elves’ domain. I didn’t think I was in the Forest of Elshire 
because I wasn’t surrounded by fog. Was I in the Beast Glades? No. There weren’t any 
mana beasts… I spotted a few rabbits and birds, but I’d yet to see anything else.
Something even stranger that I noticed a bit before was the abundance of mana in this 
place. It was mostly due to the richness of mana that I was able to recover from my 
initial state so quickly. Although that still didn’t explain how I survived in the first 
place, I hoped that the source behind the voice would tell me.
I should hurry.
Aside from the fact that there was no road, it turned out to be a pretty uneventfully 
peaceful trip, with minimal obstacles and terrain I had to go around. As I drew near 
the location of the voice, the density in mana was getting richer and thicker. Ignoring 
the temptation to stop and absorb the surrounding mana, I ventured on. Training 
wasn’t important right now. I needed to get home.
Since everyone probably assumed that I was dead, I couldn’t help but worry about 
Mother and Father. Not so much physically, but for their mental health. I’m concerned 
Mother and Father wouldn’t forgive themselves for my death. The only thought that 
comforted me was the fact that my mother was pregnant. Yes. At least for the sake of 
my unborn brother or sister, they’d stay strong.
I reached the area where the Voice directed me towards, but I was unable to see 
anything besides a cluster of rocks surrounded by a cluster of trees.
‘I’m glad you were able to make it here safely,’ the Voice echoed confidently, as if it 
already knew I would.
“Nice to meet you uhh… Ma’am? Miss Rocks?”
‘I’m not a rock, nor a cluster of them. There is a crevice between the back of the 
adjacent rocks. That’s where I’ll be,’ the Voice chuckled.
Looking around, I managed to spot the small gap, about the width of an adult, between 
two of the larger rocks that were leaning against each other. The slight breeze coming 
out from the crevice told me I had found what I was looking for. If it weren’t for the 
Voice directing me to this exact location, I would never have even noticed the small 
fissure.
‘Child. Go on and enter through the crevice, but strengthen yourself with mana before 
you do.’
I can finally meet Mother and Father soon!
Without a second’s hesitation, I slipped in through the gap easily while willing the 
mana to strengthen my body.
I had expected a platform to step on but instead, I immediately plummeted down the 
dark hole.
The voice had failed to warn me that I was going to be doing a vertical fall.
‘I guess that was why she mentioned using mana to me’ was the thought that ran 
through my head as I descended, screaming at the top of my four-year-old lungs.
Rubbing my butt, groaning, I slowly supported myself up.
“We finally meet, child.”
I felt the blood drain from my face as my mouth gaped open and eyes bulged. Feeling 
lightheaded as my legs failed to support me, I crumbled back onto my aching butt, 
staring at the one who’s been helping me this whole time.
“W-What are you?” I managed to stammer out.
Despite having lived two lives, what my eyes saw, my brain refused to believe. A 
monster, for a lack of a better word, which easily towered over ten meters high, was 
seated cross-legged, on a crudely carved throne of jagged stone with an arm lazily 
supporting its head. Its petrifying red eyes that gazed down at me, while menacing, 
carried an oddly tranquil quality. Two massive horns protruded out of the sides of its 
head and arched down and around its skull, curving up to a point near the front, 
reminding me of something almost akin to a crown. It had a mouth with two fangs 
peeking out of its lips and while its body was adorned in a sleek black armor that had 
neither decorations nor embellishments, it still glowed with the quality of a priceless 
treasure.
Reiterating the fact that I was once a king, still, this being that stood before me now 
made me embarrassed of even having the nerve to call myself one. No, the one sitting 
on that giant throne was a being that would make even the most unfaithful heretics 
bow down in submission.
Yet here it was, in all its glory… with its head resting on its arm, while its other hand 
nonchalantly scratched its nose.
What I had failed to notice until now, though, because of the dim lighting in the cave 
and its body being completely black, was that this being had a gaping hole in the side 
of its chest, blood continuously oozing out.
“We finally meet,” it repeated with a lazy half-smile that revealed a row of pointed 
teeth.
I tried getting up, but failed halfway and end up back on my butt, my face still slack 
from the shock of what my eyes were seeing.
“Bugs will fly into your mouth if you keep it open that wide.”
Great. At least it has a sense of humor.
“As for what I am, I won’t say anything more than what you can see from looking,” the 
horned humanoid monster said with its eyes seeming to gaze straight through me.
“…”
“It is going to take a while for me to open a dimensional rift that will transport you to 
your house, so until then, just be patient and wait here. There are special roots that 
grow here. You will be able to live off those until I finish,” it sighed.
That’s right. That’s what I was here to do. I managed to regain a bit of my composure 
and I stood up, walking a little closer to the being.
Giving a courteous bow, I replied, “Thank you for everything you’ve done for me and 
what you will do. If there is any way I can repay you, I will do for you whatever is in 
my power.”
“Such good manners for a child. Do not worry; I am expecting neither a favor nor your 
gratitude. I am simply doing this for my own amusement. Come! Sit here, closer to me, 
and keep me company. I haven’t talked to anyone in a while,” the being laughed, patting 
an area of its throne for me to sit on.
I climbed up the platform rather awkwardly, forgetting to use mana to just jump up, 
and propped myself on the throne next to the being.
“Uhh… excuse me for being rude, but you don’t exactly look like a lady. How should I 
exactly address you?” I said, making eye contact with the being.
“You’re right. I don’t exactly look like a lady, now do I? I wonder why I said that. My 
name is Sylvia,” she replied, letting out a soft chuckle.
This giant demon lord-like monster looked like anything but a Sylvia to me, but I chose 
to keep that to myself.
“Elder Sylvia, do you mind if I ask a few questions?”
“Go ahead young one, although I may not be able to answer everything.”
I immediately rattled off all of the questions that had been on my mind ever since 
waking up and after meeting Sylvia.“Where is this place? Why were you here all alone?
Where did you come from? Why do you have that huge wound?… Why did you save 
me?”
She patiently waited for me to finish before replying.
“You must have had a lot on your mind. The first question is easy to answer. This place 
is a narrow zone between the Beast Glades and the Forest of Elshire. No one knows of 
this place because I’ve been warding off anyone who came close, although the cases 
are rare in the first place. You, young child, are the first to enter into this domain,” she 
easily explained.
“Please call me Art! My name is Arthur Leywin but everyone calls me Art! You can, 
too!” I blurted out before shutting my mouth with my hands, confused as to why I was 
acting like an excited child.
“Kukuku… Very well child, I will call you Art!” Her red eyes glazed, looking afar while 
answering my next questions.
“Continuing on to your second question. I am here alone simply because I have no one 
left to be with. While I do not think telling you everything would be wise, I will tell you 
that I have many enemies that desperately wish for something that I have; my last 
battle with my enemies left this wound. As for where I come from… very far away, 
haha.”
There was a moment of pause before Sylvia continued on, this time her eyes looking 
straight at me, almost studying me.
“As for why I saved you… even I do not fully know the answer to that question. Perhaps 
I have been alone for far too long and I simply wished to have someone to talk to. I 
first noticed you when your party was engaged in battle with the bandits. When you 
fell off the cliff to save your mother, I felt compelled to save you, thinking it was a waste 
for such a good child to die. You are very brave. It is rare for even an adult to be able 
to do that.”
I shook my head. “I was scared too, and I didn’t have much of an option. I just wanted 
to save my mother and my baby sibling inside her.” I didn’t know if it was from the 
gentle way she talked or because of how big and powerful she seemed, but in front of 
her, I seemed to turn into a child. No, I was a child in front of her.
“I see… Your mother was pregnant. You must miss them dearly. Rest assured, your 
family and party are safe. As for where they have gone, my sight cannot reach far 
enough to tell anymore.”
“…”
A wave of relief washed over me as I had to do my utmost to keep tears from falling.
I see, they’re safe. This new life brought about emotions I’d thought I’d never 
experienced in my previous life.
“Thank God. Th-they’re alive… they’re okay…” I let out sniffle.
Sylvia’s giant hand reached down as she softly patted my head with a finger.
The day passed by with me conversing with Sylvia, picking up some roots in between 
to eat that looked and tasted very similar to potatoes but were black in color.
We talked about all sorts of things to pass the time as she prepared to open a portal.
At one point, she asked me how I was able to use mana so well at my age.
“I was under the impression that amongst humans, the earliest mage to have 
awakened so far was the age of ten, and even then, because the child couldn’t grasp 
how to use it, there was very little he could do with it. Yet, not only have you already 
formed your mana core, but, by the way you use your mana, you seem to be more 
efficient than a lot of full-fledged mages.”
I just shrugged, feeling oddly proud by her compliment. “My parents said I was a 
genius or something. I can read really well and I get what the pictures and words in 
the books are saying.”
A few more days trickled by as Sylvia continued preparing the portal.
In a regretful tone, she explained one day, “The spell will take some time in order for 
it to be completely safe. I do not wish for you to land in a destination you are not 
familiar with. Even one inconsistency can lead to you being transported a couple 
hundred meters off the ground. Please be patient; you will be able to see your loved 
ones soon.”
I nodded and said that as long as I knew they’re alive, I was fine with waiting. It beat 
trying to climb back up the edge of the mountain.
These past couple of days, while I trained my mana core and chatted with Sylvia, I 
noticed a few things.
Sylvia really made me think of the cliche , “Don’t judge a book by its cover.” Contrary to 
her intimidating appearance, she was kind, gentle, patient, and warm. She reminded 
me of my mother, in the way that they both scolded me while being tender when I did 
something wrong. I mentioned how the mage that I fought, as well as the other 
bandits, deserved worse deaths than they had when she suddenly flicked my 
forehead…
Even though she was gentle, a flick of a finger from someone over ten meters high was 
nothing to make light of. I was sent tumbling on the ground before angrily spouting, 
“What was that for?”
Picking me up and setting me on her armored knee, she said in a soft but pained tone,
”Art. Perhaps you are not wrong in that those bandits did deserve death; even I chose 
not to save that mage you fell with for the same reasons. However, do not let your heart 
be clouded with continuous thoughts of hatred and the sort. Continue on proudly with 
your life and gain the strength to protect your loved ones from harm. Along the way, 
you will come to face situations like before, maybe even worse, but don’t let the grief 
and rage corrode your heart. Move on and learn to better yourself from those 
experiences so it won’t happen again.”
I blinked, a bit stunned by the fact that I was being lectured on morals by someone 
that looked like the epitome of evil herself. Strangely, it stuck to me as I just responded 
with a blank nod.
Another thing I noticed was that her wound seemed to be getting bigger. At first, I 
found it somewhat odd that she could still be alive with a gaping hole on the side of 
her chest, but I grew numb to it. That is… until a couple days ago, I noticed the wound 
seemed to be bleeding a more profusely. Sylvia tried to hide it at first with her hand, 
but it was growing more and more obvious.
Noticing my concerned gaze towards the wound, Sylvia gave me a weak smile and said, 
“Do not worry, little one. This wound festers from time to time.”
One day, as I was meditating and using strict movement techniques to better control 
my mana, Sylvia suddenly interrupted, “Art. Try absorbing mana while you are making 
movements. Ideally, you should be able to absorb at least a fraction of the mana you 
would during meditation while you are fighting. Although you would be spending 
mana faster than you can absorb mana, you will be able to prolong the usage of your 
mana.”
That brought about memories of me thinking about this exact idea. I had forgotten 
about testing my hypothesis since I wasn’t able to move as freely as I could now. I was 
so used to having absorption of mana and the manipulation of mana as two separate 
things that I hadn’t stopped to think about the possibilities in this new world.
“Let me try,” I nodded.
“Humans have a very linear mindset in regards to mana and find it hard to deviate 
from anything that already works. Practice hard now, though, because you can only 
acquire this skill while both your body and mana core are immature. Even mana beasts 
learn to do this naturally, but humans awaken much too late and in most cases, their 
bodies are not adept for this ability when they first awaken. Considering you are so 
young, there shouldn’t be a problem if you practice,” continued Sylvia with a proud 
puff of her nose.
I had to admit that, like testing most theories, it was extremely difficult at first. It 
reminded me of the exercises my caretaker at the orphanage had shown us when I 
was younger, the ones where you tried to make each of your arms do something 
different… except much harder.
Practicing this essentially meant being able to fight proficiently while still maintaining 
a constant inward flow of mana. Sylvia’s only advice was that, according to her, an 
exceptional mage must be able to split his thinking mind into multiple segments in 
order to process information at an efficient speed. While I’ve never had a teacher tell 
me to split my mind, I tried doing as she said. Needless to say, I had never tripped over 
my own body so many times in this and my previous life combined.
This, at least, seemed to get a few hearty chuckles of amusement out of Sylvia.
Two months had passed since then as I kept Sylvia company with stories of my family 
and the town I was born in, while continuing to improve in the technique thanks to 
Sylvia’s patience and my diligence.
Sylvia refused to tell me the name of this skill, so I named it myself: Mana Rotation.
Over this period of time, it would be an understatement to say I’d merely gotten close 
to Sylvia. She had treated me like her own blood grandson and, in response, I’d grown 
attached to this demon lord grandmother. It was because of our growing relationship 
that I wasn’t able to simply ignore what was happening.
It was frustratingly clear that her wound was growing worse as the portal responsible 
for taking me home was becoming more distinct.
“Sylvia, please tell me, what’s happening to your wound? Why is it getting worse? It 
wasn’t like this before! You saying it was only a fester every now and then was clearly 
a lie! This isn’t going to go away on its own, it’s actually getting worse!” I frustratingly 
voiced my concern one especially bad night after she had vomited a pool of blood.
I paused for a second, struck with realization…
Why didn’t I notice this before?
She had been getting worse while creating the portal.
In order to send me home…
She was sacrificing her life so I could meet my family.
Sylvia let out a deep breath, knowing that I had realized what was going on. Managing 
a sheepish smile, Sylvia whispered, “Art. Yes, I am dying. But I will get angry if you 
blame yourself, thinking that you are causing this. I have been dying for quite a while 
now. You are doing me a favor by allowing me to leave this forsaken cave a bit faster.”
As soon as she finished speaking, a bright, golden glow radiated out of her body.
Shielding my eyes from going blind, I tried to focus on the shape forming from where 
Sylvia once sat. In place of the ten-meter titan-like figure was a dragon even larger.
From her snout to the end of her tail, she was clad in a pearl white coat of shimmering 
scales. Beneath her iridescent lavender eyes were glowing golden runes that marked 
her neck and ran down to spread around her body and tail like sacred engravings.
These markings reminded me of a very elegant, almost celestial, tribal pattern, 
branching out harmoniously and with purpose, like carefully-placed vines. The 
dragon’s wings were pure white, adorned with white-bladed feathers so fine and 
sharp that they could put swords forged by master smiths to shame.
The golden light enveloping the dragon dimmed until it fully replaced the once titanshaped being.
“There now… Do I look a bit more like a Sylvia?” Sylvia let out a toothy smirk.
“S-Sylvia?? Y-you’re a dragon?” I said.
“Now That I am in this form, we do not have much time. Yes, I am something you 
humans refer to us as ‘a dragon.’ The reason I am dying is because I had been inflicted 
with this wound after narrowly escaping from my captors. I had sensed one of them 
approaching dangerously close a few days ago, so I feel that my time of hiding is 
drawing to an end. This form will alert them of my location, which is why I only have 
time to explain what is necessary. I am giving you this to take care of from now on.”
One of her bladed wings unfolded and revealed a translucent, rainbow-colored stone 
the size of two fists. With a myriad of colors and shades, this stone resonated an aura 
that made me hesitate in holding it, as if I wasn’t worthy.
Without waiting for me to respond, she continued, “Everything will reveal itself when 
the time comes, so just hold onto this and do not let anyone know that you have this.
Most will not know what it is but everyone will be attracted by the aura it emits.”
Sylvia then proceeded to pluck a feather from her wings with her claw and hand it to 
me. “Wrap the stone in this to conceal it.”
After doing as told, the once divine radiant stone merely appeared to be a smooth 
white rock— pretty, but ordinary.
While I was studying the feather-encased stone, I was suddenly pushed back as 
Sylvia’s snout gently brushed against my chest where my mana core was.
Taken aback, I looked up to see Sylvia’s purple eyes and the gold markings blaze 
brighter than they had when she first transformed. As the markings grew dimmer and 
then disappeared, Sylvia pierced her tongue into my core and wisped out a golden 
smoke that crackled in sparks of purple.
A sharp yelp escaped my mouth as I blinked, confused and surprised. I continued to 
just stare at her as she moved her head back, leaving a trail of blood from a hole in my 
worn-down shirt. My sternum bled, but when I ran my hand through the area, there 
was no wound.
Sylvia’s expression had grown visibly pained and weak; it was apparent even for a 
mighty dragon that was even bigger than her previous illusion. What caught my 
attention, though, was that her once shimmering purple irises were now just a dim 
yellow with the beautiful runes that flowed across her face and body now gone.
Before I had the chance to ask what she had done, a giant explosion interrupted me.
I whipped my head up to see that the ceiling of the cave had been blown off and what 
came into vision was a figure that reminded me of Sylvia’s previous form.
Clad in sleek black armor and a blood red cape that matched its eyes, the figure’s pale 
grey skin matched the clouded sky in the background. The horns were different, 
though, as this entity had two horns that curled down and under its ears, lining its 
chin.
Sylvia immediately covered me with one of her wings in time to protect me from the 
falling debris and probably keep me hidden from our visitor.
“Lady Sylvia! I advise you to stop your stubbornness and hand it over. You’ve already 
caused us quite the trouble after hiding yourself! If you submit, the Lord may even 
heal your wound,” the entity reasoned impatiently.
Immediately after he had finished speaking, the world around me seemed to pause.
Everything but Sylvia and myself, the colors of the world were as though it was being 
seen through an inverted lens. What surprised me the most was that everything was 
still. The entity, the clouds behind him, and even the falling debris of the ceiling.
Ignoring the enemy, Sylvie casually peeked underneath her wing. “I’ll open the portal 
now. I didn’t have the time to make it go directly to your home but it should take you 
to a place with humans nearby. Do not let him see you and do not look back,” she 
whispered, her eyes solemn.
I ignored Sylvia’s instructions after I heard what the entity had promised. “Sylvia! Is 
what he said true? If you turn yourself over, will you be able to live?”
“Do not trust his honey-coated words. It will be worse off for you if you are found right 
now. As for me, I would rather die than go back to where he is,” Sylvia said, impatience 
and anger mixed in her voice.
“No! I won’t let you die here. If you refuse to go with him, then please, just come with 
me!” I begged.
“Unfortunately, I cannot go with you. You will forever be in danger if any one of them 
finds out you have had contact with me. I need to stay here.”
Sylvia gently wiped my cheeks with a claw, her draconic eyes lined with what I saw as 
tears.
“You asked me once, why I chose to save you. The truth was to satisfy my own greed. I 
wanted to keep you as my own child, even for just a little bit. I intentionally prolonged 
the transportation spell because I wished to spend more time with you, but it seems I 
didn’t even have the chance to finish it. I’m sorry, little Art, for my selfishness, but I 
have one last request to make… can you be my grandson and call me grandmother just 
this once?”
“NOO! I don’t care about all of that! I’ll say it as much as you want if you come with me! 
Grandma! Grandma! You can’t!… I-I-I… Please, I’m begging you, just come with me. I-I 
don’t know what you did but everything is frozen right now; we can escape! Please, 
Grandmother, don’t go. Not like this!” I held onto Sylvia’s claw, desperately trying to 
pull her away with me.
In my last moment with her, Sylvia’s face blossomed into such a beautiful smile that I 
swear I thought I saw a human.
I could barely make out the words she said, before she pushed me into the portal.
“Thank you my child.”
The trip through the dimensional rift invoked a very peculiar sensation. It felt as if I 
was trapped in the middle of a fast-forwarded movie scene. My surroundings were 
whizzing by in an indistinct blur of colors as I sat on my ass, staring blankly off in the 
distance with no more tears left to cry.
The ground I landed on cushioned my fall with a pile of leaves and vines. It didn’t 
matter, though. Even if I landed on jagged rocks, I probably wouldn’t have noticed.
I remained in the same, seated position I was in during the trip, not even bothering to 
take in my surroundings.
She was gone.
I would never have the chance to see her again.
Those two thoughts triggered another wave of emotions as I heaved out dry sobs.
I began recalling the near four months we had spent together; how caring she was, 
treating me like her own blood. I didn’t care that she had prolonged sending me home 
so that I would stay with her. Through the short time I had been with Sylvia, she had 
taught me so much and given me insight that I had been lacking since coming to this 
world.
Succumbing to the faculty of my mind that desired sleep in order to cope with the pain, 
I curled up into a ball where I landed when a searing pain propped me back up.
The burning sensation spread from my mana core throughout my body until a voice
echoed in my head.
“Ahem! Testing, testing… Ah, good! Hello Art, this is Sylvia.”
My heart fluttered as I instantly responded to the voice. “Sylvia! I’m here! Can you 
hear—”
“If you’re listening to this right now, it means I have shown you what I actually am…”
Ah, it was some kind of recording that she had infused into me when she gouged that 
small hole into my mana core.
“…You’re nowhere near ready right now to know the whole truth. Knowing you, if I 
were to have told you who that figure in the sky had been, you would have brashly 
tried to fight. Little Art, you are barely passed the age of four. Upon looking at your 
mana core, I have realized that you have a rare talent, seeing as your mana core is 
already dark red in color. I will leave you with this: I have infused with you my unique
will. This is something incomparable to a normal beast’s will. Your future progress as 
a mage depends on how well you will be able to use my will that is embedded into 
your mana core…”
Was that why the purple in her eyes and golden patterns disappeared?
“The moment your mana core reaches a level past the white stage is when you will 
hear from me again. At that time, I will explain everything and what you do from there 
is your choice.”
There was a stage past white?
“Lastly, Art… I know you may be in grief, but remember that you have your family to 
look out for and the stone I entrusted you with. My only wish is for you to embrace the 
joys and innocence of childhood, train hard, and make your parents and I proud. Do 
not go chasing after shadows in a fit of rage. Killing the ones that are responsible for 
my death will neither bring me back to life nor make you feel better. There is a reason 
for everything and I do not regret what has happened. With this, I bid you farewell for 
now. Remember, protect your family and the stone, study what I have left you, and 
enjoy this life, King Grey.”
"…”
That name and title was from my previous world.
She had known the entire time…
Did she discover something in my mana core? Was she able to look into my memories?
So many questions, but the only one who could answer them was gone.
I refused to move for a long time, staying in my cozy fetal position, deep in thought.
Sylvia was right. She had said all of this knowing what my life back in my old world 
was like. I can’t make the same mistake of living for the sake of solely pursuing 
strength. I wanted to be strong, but I also want to live my life without regret. I want to 
live a life that Sylvia would be proud of. I don’t think she’d be happy, even if I reached 
whatever stage was after white while living a life of only training. No, I needed to hurry 
and reach my family.
But before that… where the hell was I?
Looking around, trees that towered high over my head surrounded me. There was a 
dense fog that loomed thickly a couple centimeters off the ground, filling the air with 
nearly palpable moisture.
Trees and an unnaturally thick fog…
I sank back on my butt, crestfallen at what this could only mean.
I was in the Forest of Elshire.
A disheartened sigh escaped from my mouth as I picked myself up.
It seems like I won’t be meeting my family anytime soon. It had been over four months 
since I had fallen off of the cliff. My family had most likely either gone back to Ashber 
or had maybe even decided to stay in Xyrus.
I didn’t have any sort of provisions except for the clothes on my back and the strange 
stone that was wrapped in Sylvia’s feather. This cursed fog limited my vision to about 
a few meters around me. While reinforcing my eyes with mana helped quite a bit, that 
didn’t solve the even bigger problem of how to get out of this place.
I reinforced my body, enabling mana rotation that had become second nature to me 
by now. Right now, I could only absorb about roughly twenty percent of what I could 
do while just meditating, but I couldn’t complain.
The only downside to mana rotation was that it wasn't a replacement for 
strengthening your mana core. In order for me to purify my mana core and get it to 
the next stages, I need to solely focus on gathering mana, from both my body and the 
surrounding atmosphere, and use that to get rid of the impurities little by little. One 
notable thing I felt was that after getting my mana core to dark red, the amount of 
mana I could store inside increased significantly. While the size didn’t increase, I’m 
guessing the purity allowed more mana to be stored.
I climbed a few branches up the nearest tree and situated myself once I got high 
enough. I focused mana into only my eyes, enhancing my vision even further.
What I was looking for wasn’t a way out but more so for any signs of humans. Sylvia 
had said that I would be teleported close to humans, so I was hoping that there were 
adventurers traveling through here that would direct me, or even escort me, out of the 
forest.
After about ten minutes of searching, jumping from tree to tree, I found what I was 
looking for.
I hopped a few more trees, feeling quite proud of my primate nimbleness, stopping at 
a branch just a few meters away. Hiding myself behind the thick trunk, I observed the
group of humans.
Something was off.
I hid myself completely behind the trunk and closed my eyes, imbuing mana into my 
ears.
“NOOO! HELP! SOMEONE, PLEASE HELP! MOMMY! DADDY! NOOO! I’M SCARED!!!”
“Someone shut her up! She’s going to attract attention!”
*THUD*
“Quick. Put her in the back of the carriage. We’re only a few days away from the 
mountain range. We’ll be safer then. Don’t relax and keep moving.”
“Hey, Boss? How much do ya reckon she’ll sell for? Elf girls go for a lot, don’t they?
Hehe, she’s a child too, so a virgin at that! I bet she’ll fetch us a lot of money, huh?!”
Slave traders!
I carefully took a peek to spot the small-sized carriage, enough to tightly cram in about 
five or six adults. I turned back around just in time to see a middle-aged man hauling 
a little girl into the back of the carriage. She looked to be around six or seven, with a 
silvery hue in her hair and the trademark pointed ears that elves were known for.
What should I do? How were they even able to kidnap one in the first place? The 
Elshire Forest’s magical fog was supposed to disorient the senses of even the most 
capable mage.
After a few more seconds of observing, I found my answer.
Attached to leashes were mana beasts that looked like a mix between a deer and a dog, 
with antlers that branched out, like a complicated satellite. They were mentioned 
briefly in the encyclopedia I always carried with me. The forest hounds were native to 
the Forest of Elshire and could navigate even better than the elves could.
How those brutes acquired forest hounds, I had no idea, but I needed to think of a plan.
Option one: Steal one of the forest hounds and have it lead me out of the forest.
Option two: Kidnap the kidnapped elf girl to have her lead me out of the forest.
Option three: Kill all of the slave traders and set the elf girl free, then take the forest 
hounds and have them lead me out of the forest.
Pondering for a couple of minutes, I’m faced with a dilemma. Option one would be 
easiest, but it didn’t sit right with me to just leave the elf girl.
But then again, who knows… maybe she’ll get bought by a kind old man who will free 
and take her back to her home.
…Fat chance…
Option two had the obvious flaw that, once I saved the elf, she wouldn’t lead me out of 
the forest and just insist on going back home and the slave traders probably wouldn’t 
take it too kindly. Option three had the best outcome, but was by far the most pain in 
the butt, considering there were four of them and only one of me. Because of the fog, 
I couldn’t sense if any of them were mages, but it was safe to assume that at least one 
of them would be. Being able to capture an elf in the forest meant that they were either 
very lucky, or professionals.
After letting out another deep breath, I couldn’t help but notice how often I sighed 
these days. Option three it was.
After hours of observation, I had learned enough about them to make a move. I waited 
until nightfall to put my plan in action. Despite their rustic appearances, the slave 
traders were surprisingly vigilant; they never built a fire and always kept two people 
on guard at all times.
After stirring up the forest hounds with a carefully-thrown rock, I made my move as 
soon as one of the two on guard went around to the other side of the carriage to quiet 
them.
The one that stayed behind was sitting on a fallen log, fiddling with something in his 
hands while the other two were sleeping inside the tent. Carefully, jumping to a branch 
directly above the carriage, I prepared for my attack.
My first target would be the one that had gone to quiet the forest hounds first.
I dropped down with a quiet thud behind one of the slave traders. This man had a very 
lanky build. While lean muscles were visible, he didn’t seem too strong and was only 
armed with a long knife.
Startled by the soft thud, Lanky turned around, probably expecting a curious weasel 
or rat. His face twisted into a mixture of surprise and amusement when he saw me, a 
four-year-old child in ragged clothes. But before he had the chance to even speak, I 
lunged upward towards his neck.
I infused mana into the blade of my hand, turning it into a sharp edge. This was called 
the "Swordless Ar”t in my old world but here, it would be more accurate to call it a 
wind attribute technique.
He flinched back reflexively, his hands trying to reach where his face was to guard 
against the boy shooting towards him.
It was too late.
I take a quick swipe at the jugular, taking his vocal cord out along with his carotid 
artery. A stream of blood sprayed out of his neck immediately as I landed behind him, 
supporting his lifeless body and gently placing him down to avoid making noise. Just 
as expected, the forest hounds that had just been calmed down by Lanky jolted back 
awake at the stench of blood, causing them to howl and bark.
“Ey Pinky! Can’t even calm the hounds… What the?!”
I had already picked up… Pinky’s knife and was waiting for him at the back corner of 
the carriage.
While the other slave trader’s attention was directed at the corpse of Pinky, currently 
being eaten by the forest hounds, I jumped out from behind and stabbed the side of 
his neck with the knife.
The hounds quieted down while devouring the two corpses. As I headed towards the 
tent to dispose of the remaining two in their sleep, a shrill cry ruined my plans.
“HELLLLP! MOMMY! SOMEONE! ANYONE! PLEASEE!!”
Son of a… why now of all times?
On cue, I heard the rustle of the tent as the two slave traders that were left had come 
out.“Pinky! Deuce! The kid is awake! What the hell are you guys…” he barked, still halfasleep.
I swallowed down the inappropriate urge to laugh at the ridiculous names of the slave 
traders, and hid myself behind a tree next to the carriage to infuse mana into Pinky’s 
knife.
Sensing something was amiss, the two remaining slave traders carefully stepped 
around to the other side of the carriage where their eyes bulged upon witnessing their 
two former companions being eaten by the forest hounds.
Using this chance, I attacked the nearest one when his gaze whipped back at me, his 
short sword instantly swinging at my face.
Dodging the slash, I dropped low and dashed toward him, trying to get in range with 
my knife. I swung, reinforcing more mana into the knife, landing a clean wound 
through his right leg’s Achilles’ heel.
“Gah!!” he let out a pained howl as he dove desperately out of my range before I could 
do any further damage.
“Danton, be careful! I think this brat is a mage!” the fighter, whose tendon I just 
severed, cried.
I turned my attention to Danton as he pulled out his sword from its sheath and lower 
into a defensive stance.
“You see all sorts of crazy things these days! Looks like a huge sack of gold just showed 
itself in front of us, George! I bet he’ll get us almost as much as the elf,” he let out a 
crazed chuckle.
These bastards didn’t even care that I just killed their party members.
Danton’s body glowed faintly as he reinforced his body with mana. As he advanced 
towards me, his lips curled into a confident grin on his square face.
George was out of the fight with that crippled leg, but this augmenter was going to be 
trouble.
The augmenter named Danton suddenly jumped above me, his right arm poised to 
throw a punch. I could only guess that his only reason for not using his sword was to 
not damage his “goods.” While I’d normally be offended, in this case, overconfidence 
made it much easier for me, so I didn’t complain.
I jumped back in time to avoid the blow strong enough to leave a small dent in the 
ground as I threw my knife at him. I used the same trick as I did with the conjurer I 
dragged down with me off the cliff, but this mage was a more careful. He disrupted the 
mana string with his sword and grabbed my knife with his free hand.
Shit.
I was in a bad position right now. Danton wasn’t tall, but his reach was still a good 
amount longer than mine. He also had a sword, which he now deemed it necessary to 
use, that further increased his range.
Wasting no time, Danton dashed toward me and threw back the knife I had just 
launched at him. I easily dodged, but not in time to react for his next move as he swiped 
my ankle with his sheathe. As I stumbled to regain balance, he used that chance to 
grab ahold of my ankle and flipped me upside down.
His confident face crumpled as I punched the hand that was holding onto me as I 
concentrated mana. I used a fire attribute technique, releasing all of the mana focused 
on my fist, and aimed for the weak joint of his wrist.
A loud crack, followed by a howl of profanities, indicated the attack was enough.
His broken wrist released my ankle and I landed awkwardly on my back. Quickly 
jumping up to my feet, I picked up Pinky’s knife and used the chance to charge towards 
the wounded Danton. While he was still preoccupied by the pain from his wrist, he 
angrily cursed, “You’re DEAD now, you piece of shit! I don’t care if I can’t sell you 
anymore!”
His left wrist was wounded, leaving a gap in his defense. I willed more mana into my 
feet and arrived in range, about to land a solid hit to his side, when I saw him furiously 
swinging his sword down.
He fell for it!
I quickly pivot with my left foot in place, spinning to my right. Dodging the swing by a 
hair’s breadth, I entered into my knife’s range to his right side, open because of his last 
desperate swing.
He immediately tried to jump back, but I placed my right foot behind his leg, making 
him lose his balance. In one quick thrust, I jabbed my knife below his armpit, through 
the gap between his ribs and into his lungs.
He was easy to finish off after his breath collapsed from the wound.
I was now left with the immobile George.
I couldn’t use Danton’s sword since it was too large and heavy for my body, so I made 
use of Pinky’s knife one last time and swiped George’s jugular. The poor fighter 
couldn’t really contest or run away with his useless leg, and died with a look of 
disbelief. Much like his two comrades, fed to the hounds.
It seemed that the elf girl knew there was fighting going on by her eerie quietness.
I climbed up onto the back of the carriage where she was locked and I spotted her 
shivering in the corner with dirty rags minimally covering her privates. She studied 
me in surprise and doubt, her eyes almost saying, “He can’t have been the one who 
saved me, right?”
I untied her as she remained silent, her swollen turquoise eyes never leaving my face.
Tired and feeling gross, I helped her up and simply stated, “You should go back home 
now.”
“Hic… hic…”
She probably didn’t know whether I was an enemy or friend until now, but once the 
word ‘home’ was said, a look of relief washed over her tense face and she broke down.
“Hic! I was so scared! They were going to sell me! Hic! I thought I was never going to 
see my family again! Hic! WAAAAAA!”
It had felt like a good hour before the little elf girl was finally able to settle down. I 
didn’t blame her; being forcibly kidnapped would cause trauma even for adults, even 
more so since she seemed to be only a bit older than I was.
As I sat next to her, comforting her, I realized how bizarre of a scene this made. A fouryear-old boy tenderly patting the head of an elven girl in the back of a carriage as four 
bloody corpses were being devoured by beasts just next to them.
“W-What happened to those bad guys?” she sniffled, her voice coming out a bit nasally.
Not knowing if telling the seven-year-old about killing was appropriate, I simply 
dismissed it by telling her, “Er… they ran into a very unfortunate accident.”
She studied the hesitant expression on my face with the raise of a brow, only to look 
back down and whisper, “Serves them right.” Looking closely at her now, I couldn’t 
help but notice that she carried all of the necessary features that would allow her to 
blossom into quite the beauty later on in the future.
With long, gunmetal gray hair that I mistook for silver in the sunlight, the girl’s 
disheveled state couldn’t mask the innate beauty that seemed to radiate from her 
pores.
A pair of gleaming teal eyes shaped like perfectly rounded almonds quivered and her 
perky nose, o red from crying, matched the color of her rosy lips. While all of her 
individual facial features seemed to be carefully molded gems, on the fair creamy skin 
of her face that was the canvas, her features were brought into a surreal, almost 
phantasmal work of art.
Of course, this was me just observing her speculatively as a gentleman and king who 
enjoyed beauty in the world. I wouldn’t go as far to say I was “checking her out.”
I helped her up to her feet before speaking again.
“Those people that tried to kidnap you aren’t going to chase you anymore. That being 
said, do you think you can make it to your home by yourself?”
Instantly, her eyes retracted in fear as a panicked expression spread throughout the 
rest of her face. As tears welled up and both her hands clenched tightly to my shirt, 
even an infant would be able to tell what her answer was through her actions.
“Look, I need to get home, too. Aren’t elves generally safe in this forest?” I let out a sigh, 
trying to pry her claws—I mean fingers—from my shirt.
She violently shook her head, much like a dog drying itself, and rebutted, “Beasts are 
only scared of adults… Parents warned me that children will get eaten by hounds or 
tree golems.”
I would normally be pretty amazed by something like a tree golem, but it was 
becoming pretty hard to find something that surprised me after witnessing a demon 
king metamorph into a dragon.
I rubbed the bridge of my nose, trying to come up with a solution for all of this.
“How long does it take to get to where you live from here?”
“…”
Still holding onto my shabby shirt, she looked down and admitted, “…I don’t know.”
I held in the temptation to let out another sigh, since the poor girl looked like she was 
about to cry already, and agreed to take her back home.
The Kingdom of Elenoir was quite a long ways north, so my only hope was that there 
would be a teleportation gate there that can could take me back to somewhere, 
anywhere, in Sapin.
I instructed the elf girl to wait inside the carriage while I gathered some necessities; 
the main reason being, I didn’t want her to see the mangled carcasses of the slave 
traders when even I found it hard to stomach. Finally finding a backpack small enough 
for me to wear without it dragging on the ground, I carefully folded and stuffed a small 
tent inside, along with a leather water bag and some dried rations. I picked up Pinky’s 
knife from the ground where I fought Danton and George and strapped it to the front 
of my waist to balance the awkwardly large equipment on my back. Before heading 
back into the carriage, I freed the forest hounds after realizing that, while they were 
able to pull a carriage, they weren’t able to be ridden.
I thought briefly about riding the carriage to the elven kingdom, but thought it was too 
dangerous and we would stick out like sore thumbs in the forest.
“Let’s head out now,” I said, trying to sound more enthusiastic for her sake.
“En!” She nodded, hopping out of the carriage as I led her away from the carriage 
where all of the dead bodies were.
I learned a lot about the elf girl along the way. For one, her name was Tessia Eralith 
and she had actually just turned five, which meant that she was about a year older 
than I was, albeit physiologically, that is.
Tessia was also a pretty reserved, if not shy, girl. She was very polite to me, considering 
I was younger than she was, and never complained, making her a very agreeable 
traveling companion. Perhaps, if I wasn’t traveling in the opposite direction of my 
destination, I would have actually enjoyed having her with me.
With the sun setting and the fog thickening, we pitched a tent underneath the sprouted 
roots of a particularly large tree for the night.
I couldn’t fit any of the supporting rods in the backpack, so I used the long rope I 
brought with me instead, tied it to two of the roots and hung the tent canvas over it, 
weighing down the ends with moss-covered rocks. After I finished setting up the tent, 
I took out a couple of dried rations and handed some to her.
“…Thank you very much.” She gave a slight bow.
“You know, you don’t have to be so polite to me. I am younger than you and I’d feel a 
lot more comfortable if you weren’t so on-edge,” I replied, my cheeks full of dried food.
“O-okay, I’ll try!” She let out a shy smile as she held back a chuckle.
I began wondering if she had been raised by very strict parents. Maybe it was simply 
an elf custom, and by telling her to be more comfortable with me, I was inadvertently 
inviting her to marry me. Giving her a shrug, I resumed stuffing my face with more 
food.
We sat underneath one of the roots of the tree next to our tent and continued chatting.
“C-can you tell me about the human kingdom?” she suddenly asked, her eyes sparkling 
with curiosity.
“What did you want to know?”
“What is a human city like? How are humans? Is it true that all male humans are 
perverts and have more than one wife?”
I choked on the dried fruits I was chewing on, spraying them out before they got 
caught in my lungs.
“No. Although it isn’t against the law, only nobility and the royal families tend to have 
multiple wives,” I said after composing myself, wiping my mouth.
“I see now!” her eyes seemed to say, still sparkling.
Do you really?
I go on, explaining a bit about the town of Ashber and my family, to pass the time 
before I asked as well.
“What is it like living in Elenoir?”
“Mmmm……” She pondered a bit before finding the words to explain.
“I don’t think it’s too different from what you told me about where you grew up, except 
the children all have to go to school to learn about our history and how to read and 
write. When we awaken, we get mentors assigned to us and we become their disciples.
From there, a lot of it is just training with your master.”
“I see…” I mutter, pondering about the different education systems of the humans and 
elves. While the educational method of the elves was a lot more advanced and 
undiscriminating, it only worked because the elven kingdom was much smaller and 
tightly-knit compared to the human kingdom, but it just went to show how culture 
made such a big difference in the future generations.
Getting up from the ground, I held my hand out to help her get up. I noticed her 
hesitation when she turned a little red, but I assumed it was just my eyes playing with 
me in the dark.
“Sleep in the tent, I’ll keep guard next to you outside.”
I see her thinking for a little as her eyes fixed on me, full of resolve.
“I don’t mind sh-sharing the tent, if you’re okay with it.” She tried to sound nonchalant 
but her voice betrayed her.
“It’s okay. I’m not that sleepy right now, anyway,” I replied a lot faster than I had meant 
to.
“…Okay,” she sulked. Did her ears just droop a little?
Making sure she went inside the tent, I leaned against the massive tree trunk and 
began meditating.
I started inspecting my mana core. Sylvia left me with something she calls her “will,” 
but how did that affect my mana core? Inspecting even closer, I noticed, ever so faintly, 
some markings in my mana core when,
“A-Arthur?” Tessia’s head poked out of the tent.
“Is there something wrong?” I asked, turning my head to face her.
“W-well! You see… beasts will more likely appear if they notice you because they will 
see that you are a child. Therefore, I propose that for our safety, it would be better for 
you to c-come inside the tent.” At this point, Tessia had covered her face with the tent’s 
opening flap, peeking with only one eye.
“Pft~ Tessia, are you scared to sleep by yourself in the tent?” I chuckled.
“A-absolutely not! I was just suggesting, for both of our safety, what the best choice 
would be!” she insisted, leaning out, nearly tumbling out of the tent.
“If that’s the case, then I’ll hide up in the tree and continue to be on the lookout. You 
know… for ‘our safety’,” I winked.
“Uu…” She hid herself back inside the tent before muttering softly, “…I’m scared to 
sleep by myself.”
Smiling to myself, I opened the flap and crawled inside the tent.
Caught by surprise, Tessia let out a small yelp before immediately lying down with her 
back to me. Seeing how red her ears were, I easily could see myself enjoying teasing 
the poor elf.
After a few silent moments, she peeked over her shoulder.“Can I hold onto your shirt?”
Seeing her tremble, I remembered that she was just a child. I couldn’t imagine how 
hard it must have been for her; getting kidnapped, being separated from her family 
and carried off, not knowing if she’ll ever see them again.
Scooting closer to her, I gave her head another soft pat as she turned her body and 
clutched the edge of my tattered shirt. Her eyes closed in content and after a few 
minutes, I hear her breathing turn rhythmic, as I began drifting off to sleep too, still 
sitting up.
My eyes fluttered open on their own and it took a few seconds to remember where I 
was. I looked down to see Tessia’s head on my lap, her body curled up comfortably.
Gently shaking her awake, I whispered, “Tessia, we should head out now.”
She slowly stirred awake, but when she realized the position we were in, her body shot 
up with a surprised shriek. “I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to… w-was I heavy?”
“Don’t worry about it. Let’s fold up the tent,” I replied with a wry smile. Her cheeks 
slightly pink, she nodded in response and we began packing everything up before 
resuming our journey.
A few more days had passed by fairly uneventfully when, out of nowhere, I was struck 
with deep aches in my abdomen. The first pains occurred on the third day of the trip; 
We were inside the tent, Tessia already fast asleep, when a sudden searing ache spread 
from my sternum. It disappeared soon enough, but even that brief moment caused a 
pain that left me in shivers.
Besides that, the most exciting occurrence was when a couple of forest hounds tried 
to get close, but a throw of my mana-reinforced knife chased them away.
Nights passed as I continued sleeping in the tent with Tessia and her growing more 
comfortable around me, at least comfortable enough not to get embarrassed every 
time she woke up. Our conversations became more natural and had less awkward 
silence as she began joking around with me, even teasing me about the way I talk; in 
her words she said that I “tried too hard to sound like an adult.” Fortunately, my 
worries that the wave of pain might occur again went. Our pace wasn’t impeded by 
any tree golems or even stronger mana beasts looking for children to snack on.
“Can you tell how far we are from Elenoir now, Tessia?” I asked on a particularly clear 
morning on the fifth day of our journey.
Her elongated ears twitched as she began surveying her surroundings. Suddenly, she 
ran to a particularly crooked tree and ran her fingers over the trunk. A few minutes of 
silence went by before she came, visibly excited.
“That tree is the one I used to come to with my Grandfather sometimes! I remember 
carving my name into the trunk of the tree when he wasn’t looking. We’re not too far 
anymore! I think that if we quicken our pace a little bit, we’ll be able to make it by 
tonight!” she said, pointing to the tree.
“Sounds good,” I answered, following behind her. As lovely as the journey had been, I 
needed to make my plans to somehow get home, and that wouldn’t be possible until I 
got her home.
Although, I admit, I’d probably miss her after this.
“Arthur? You said your family and the people close to you called you Art. I feel that, 
through this journey, I have gotten close enough to call you that as well.” We were 
crossing a stream atop a moss-covered log bridge when she suddenly stopped. “So… 
can I call you Art as well?” Tessia turned around, revealing a wide smile.
“Hmm? Sure, I don’t mind,” I said, returning her smile.
“You ‘don’t mind’? Tch, you could sound a bit more enthusiastic…” she stuck her tongue 
out at me.
“I would be honored to be called Art by you, your highness,” I made a bow gracious 
enough for a noble, despite my tattered clothes.
“Hehe, and you may also have the honor to call me Tess,” she giggled, curtsying back 
at me before turning back around and hopping off the log.
We continued on the rest of the day, with only a few quick stops to rest ourselves and 
replenish our stomachs. Constant use of mana rotation had kept my body from being 
strained, but it was obvious that Tess was growing wearier.
After our last quick rest on a soft patch of moss, we continued forward for the last 
stretch. Tess and I had gotten a lot closer on this journey; the once shy and reserved 
elf girl showed bright smiles that were contagious, despite our less than comfortable 
conditions. She would continue teasing me too, saying that I should call her older 
sister since she was a whole year older than I was. I teased her back, imitating her 
when she was crying, rubbing my eyes and yelling, “WAAA~ MOMMY, I’M SCARED!”
This turned her bright red. She smacked my arm before she started to pout. Crossing
her arms and lower lip protruding, she stomped off before yelling, “HMPH! Meanie!”
It was dusk now and the fog around us seemed to be getting thicker. My sense of 
direction was all but useless in this blasted forest. Enough so that, if I were to get 
separated from Tess, I could wind up traveling in circles without even realizing it.
She suddenly turned to me, her face a mixture of happiness and hesitation before she 
muttered, “We’re here.”
Looking around, the only things visible were clusters of trees and fog. Confused, I was 
about to ask where we were, but I stopped myself when I saw Tess placing both her 
palms on a tree and muttering a chant.
Suddenly, the fog around us was sucked into the same tree and what came into vision 
was a giant wooden door that seemed to be propped up by itself on the ground.
Tess grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the door. When she opened it, I was 
reminded of the portal that Sylvia had pushed me through. The experience didn’t feel 
any better the second time but I at least knew what to expect. As we softly landed on 
our feet, arriving at our destination, I immediately rummaged through my bag to make 
sure I still had the stone Sylvia entrusted me with. It was only after confirming that it 
was still there did I finally look up and take in the scene around us.
Pristine.
That was the word that popped into my head as I gawked at the elven city. It appeared 
we had directly teleported right past the gates. What I saw before me were buildings 
that seemed to be built out of a jade-like material. These jade buildings were so 
flawless and smooth that each seemed to be carved from a single, huge stone.
Making this place look even more awe-inspiring were the huge trees that intertwined 
with the buildings, filling this whole city with a more distinctive and organic ambience.
Looking up, I see homes built on unnaturally thick branches extending out of the 
massive trunks even larger than the buildings with smoke drifting out of their 
chimneys.
The entire ground inside this city was covered in a lush field of soft moss, with only 
the narrow sidewalks and the main road paved with smooth stone. The dense array of 
branches that fanned out from the trees covered most of the city in a canopy of shade, 
but there was a warm, luminescent glow throughout the city thanks to numerous 
floating orbs of light situated in every corner and street.
While I stood, slack-jawed, still processing the world around me, a shadow whizzed in 
front of me suddenly, jolting me awake.
Tess was still holding onto my hand when a group of what seemed like guards arrived 
out of nowhere. These elven warriors emanated a dignified air, all dressed in 
coordinated black suits with green trimmings and a golden shoulder guard on their 
left shoulder. These five guards all carried a rapier strapped to their waist. I mentally 
noted that these guards had no sensible aura radiating out of them.
Augmenters and conjurers both naturally emit a faint aura from their bodies. The fact 
that I wasn’t able to sense any mana leaking meant one of two things: their mana cores 
were at a high enough level where I wasn’t able to sense it, or they had enough control 
over their mana to not let any leak out. Either way, it meant that these guys were as 
impressive as their attire made them look.
The guards ignored my presence as they suddenly kneeled in front of Tess in unison.
“We welcome back the royal princess.”
“…” My gaze flicked back and forth between the guards and Tess and I’m reminded of 
the time when I jokingly called her ‘your highness.’
Tessia was actually the princess of this whole kingdom?
When I tried to let go of her hand, she suddenly squeezed mine tighter. In a voice so 
cold and apathetic that I mistook her voice for someone else’s, she said, “You may rise.”
They stood up with their right fists still crossing their chests when the knight in front 
spoke. “Princess, we arrived as soon as we saw that the royal teleportation gate had 
been used. The King and Queen are…”
Before he could finish speaking, I heard a cry not too far away.
“My baby! Tessia, you’re okay! Oh, my baby!”
Running towards us was a middle-aged man and woman. From the crown on the man’s 
head and the tiara encircling the woman’s forehead, I assumed they were the King and 
Queen.
The King’s tall, built body was uniformed in a loose, decorated robe. His emerald eyes 
were pointed upwards and his thin lips were tensed, matching his short, military-style 
hair.
While the King had a dignified but somewhat reserved appearance, the Queen was 
breathtaking. Although she was a bit past her youthful stage, her age couldn’t mask 
the beauty she was. Her round eyes shimmered a light blue hue, contrasting well with 
her lush, pink-colored lips. Her silver hair was curled down, flailing past her back as 
she ran towards us, her well-proportioned figure visible underneath her dress.
The mother’s cheeks were lined with tears as the father had a tense expression that 
looked like he was holding back tears as well.
I turned my gaze to see Tess’s face visibly soften as she started tearing up as well. I let 
go of her hand and gently pushed her towards her parents, feeling a little sentimental 
myself.
Tess landed in the arms of her mother, both starting to sob at this point on their knees, 
both burying their faces in their daughter’s shoulders.
The last to arrive was an old man well past his prime. His facial features are all sharp, 
with a gaze that could kill someone on contact. His hair was pure white and was tied 
in the back, face cleanly shaven. This elderly man didn’t say anything, but his eyes did 
warm up a little when he saw Tessia.
It took several minutes for Tess and her parents to settle down. In the meantime, the 
guards were glaring at me with daggers in their eyes, and even the elder was eyeing 
me curiously.
The King finally stood up and while his eyes were red, he still carried an air of dignity.
“As the King of Elenoir and the father of Tessia, I must apologize for this unsightly 
appearance of mine and more importantly, I wish to thank you for escorting my 
daughter back home safely,” he stated, his voice coming out a bit hoarse. “Please 
accompany us to our home so that you may rest. After, you can tell us what happened.”
His tone was gentle but implied that there wasn’t really an option, so I simply nodded 
in consent. As I was about to follow behind them, Tess came to me and grabbed my 
hand again, filling the surrounding people with expressions of shock. I couldn’t help 
but chuckle uncomfortably as I scratched the side of my head, unable to muster up the 
appropriate words for a situation like this.
After a strenuously awkward ride that seemed a lot longer than it actually had been, 
we arrived at the castle. Rather than a castle, however, it looked to be an enormous 
tree. This tree, that probably needed at least a few hundred people locking arms to 
encircle it, was made of a white stone that, I could only guess, had gone through a 
petrification process somehow.
Stepping through the front doors of the tree, I was pleasantly surprised to see how 
impressive the interior of this castle was. There were two curved staircases that 
created a circle, with a gigantic chandelier floating in the middle of it. This chandelier 
seemed to be made of the same orbs of light that were dotted throughout the city.
I had told the King and Queen that it wasn’t necessary for me to rest and would rather 
tell them as soon as we arrived, so that’s what we did.
Not even washing up, the welcoming crew was all situated around the rectangular 
dining table downstairs. Tess’s father was on the far end of the table with me directly 
opposite of him. Tessia’s mother sat perpendicular to her husband, with Tessia seated 
right next to her. The grandpa was sitting across from the mother and daughter, 
leaving a pretty big gap between us, while the five guards stood off to the side behind
the King.
With both his elbows resting on the table, fingers intertwined, the King was the first 
to speak. “Child. What did you say your name was?”
“Forgive me for the late introduction. My name is Arthur Leywin, and I come from a 
remote town in the Kingdom of Sapin. A pleasure to make your acquaintance King, 
Queen, Elder, and gentlemen.” I stood up and bowed slightly at each of them 
individually before sitting back down.
Discussion wasn’t going to progress if they were going to treat me like a child.
Both the King and Queen as well as the guards in the back showed evident looks of 
surprise from my mature behavior, while even the grandpa had an amused smirk on 
his face; Tess giving me a shy smile.
Regaining composure, the King continued on. “It seems you are much more mature 
than your age. Forgive me for assuming. My name is Alduin Eralith and this is my wife, 
Merial Eralith and my father Virion Eralith. As for what happened, please tell us. We 
would like to hear your side of this.”
Waving off the apology, I began telling the story. I made sure to be very vague in telling 
them how I got inside the Forest of Elshire in the first place; I simply told them I had 
gotten separated from my family after running into bandits, only managing to survive 
out of luck.
Inevitably, I had to tell them I was a mage. This was followed by another wave of looks 
of utter disbelief from everyone, including Tess. Because of the lack of obstacles we 
ran into on our journey back, I never really had the need to use mana, so I didn’t bother 
explaining.
One of the guards told me that I was a liar and to prove that I was actually a mage 
when, unexpectedly, Tess’s grandfather shut him down. He then clasped his hands 
together on the table and looked at me with a renewed, eerie interest.
I quickly moved on, telling them how I had spotted a carriage and observed them 
carrying a tied up child into the back of a carriage before going off.
At this, the King slammed both of his hands on the table, his eyes narrowing into a 
menacing glare.
“I should’ve known it was humans…”
I corrected his mildly racist comment and said, “They were slave traders. Them and 
bandits alike prey on not just elves, but humans as well, speaking as a victim myself.”
This caused the King to shut his mouth before sitting back down, letting out a soft 
cough.
“I didn’t ask Tess… *ahem*, the Princess this, but I am curious as to how slave traders 
even got their hands on the princess of this kingdom,” I queried, almost calling Tessia 
by her nickname. I didn’t think calling her something so informal as Tess would sit 
right with everyone present.
At this, the King almost looked embarrassed before saying, “My wife and I had a bit of 
a disagreement with Tessia and she decided to rebel by running away. We had decided 
to let her cool off a bit before fetching her back because we knew where she usually 
stayed when she pouted, but unfortunately, she ran into some hu… slave traders.”
Ah… runaway princess. I sneak in a small grin at Tess and she responded by sticking 
out her tongue, face flushed.
I glazed over the details of the fight with the slave traders.
“Luckily, I had caught the slave traders by surprise and managed to dispose of them 
before untying the princess and escorting her here.”
“So a four-year-old managed to ‘luckily’ kill off four adults, one being an augmenter at 
that, and you simply wave it off like it’s no big deal,” chimes in the king’s father seated 
across from Tess, leaning back on the chair so only two of the legs were touching the 
ground.
“Yes. Half of them were asleep and the two were simply not on guard so disposing of 
them was not too challenging,” I refuted back.
The elder just responded with a lazy shrug of his shoulder.
After finishing the events, I cleared my throat before asking what I came here for. “As 
I have mentioned, it has been almost four months since I have seen my parents. I do 
not plan to intrude on your kingdom for long as I wish to meet them quickly, so I was 
wondering if you guys had a teleportation gate that could take me to the City of Xyrus 
or anywhere inside Sapin.”
“You’re going to leave already, Art?!” Tess shot up from her seat, face stricken with 
panic.
Both her mother and father gave each other a baffled look as they mouthed ‘Art.’
The elder just shot a snide grin at this and chuckled, rocking on his chair.
“I don’t think it’s appropriate for a human such as myself to be inside this Kingdom for 
too long, Princess. Besides, I wish to make sure that my family is safe and tell them I’m 
okay as well,” I answered, giving a sheepish smile.
The King responds back for Tess. “It has been a couple hundred years since the last 
human has stepped foot into the Kingdom of Elenoir and you, Arthur, are the first 
human to be in the capital of this Kingdom, the City of Zestier. However, saving our 
daughter and taking the trouble to accompany her all the way back to us entitles you 
with a proper reward…”
I take a quick peek at Tess and see her head down, her gunmetal silver hair covering 
her face.
“…Unfortunately, the teleportation gate linked with the Kingdom of Sapin opens only 
once every seven years, for the Summit Conference between the three races. Since the 
last Summit was two years ago, it’ll be another five years until the gate will function,” 
the King continued.
I couldn’t help but let out a deep breath of disappointment.
“However, we are more than willing to send a group of guards to escort you back home.
You are correct that it may not be wise to stay in this kingdom for too long. While some 
are tolerant, many hold animosity towards humans because of the war long ago.” He 
flashed a brief, sorrowful smile at this.
I nodded in agreement. At least I’d be able to safely go back home.
“For now, please make yourself at home here. We will have your escorts prepared by 
tomorrow morning. I do advise you not to wander around outside in the city though, 
for the reasons mentioned earlier.”
The King snapped his finger and an elderly elf lady in a tan maid uniform rushed out, 
leading me to my room.
The room I was led to was large, but elegantly simple in furnishings. While the only 
furniture consisted of a couch, tea table, bed, and dresser, each looked to be 
handcrafted out of wood by seasoned craftsmen. As soon as I got into the room, I 
closed the door behind me, stripped, and went straight for the bathroom. The shower 
was a pleasant surprise; it was a simple waterfall that seemed to naturally flow from 
the ceiling and drain back out in the floor. However, the constant flow of water that 
didn’t seem to ever turn off was a surprisingly pleasant temperature, just warm 
enough to relax my body and pores.
As I finished dressing into a very silky robe just for your top and short pants, I placed 
the stone Sylvia left me inside the chest pocket and once again, tried to study my mana 
core.
About thirty minutes in and making only minimal progress, I hear a knock on my door.
“Coming!”
Opening the door, I’m greeted by a pouting Tess who threw a light punch at my chest.
“You dummy! Why did you act all unfriendly when you were with my family back 
there?” she harrumphed, slipping past me and sitting on my bed.
“Well first of all, you didn’t mention to me that you happened to be the princess of this 
entire kingdom!” Shaking my head, I gripped Tess’s hand and pulled her out of my 
room. Kids or not, I didn’t think her parents were going to like her being in a boy’s 
room.
“Come on, show me around the castle! I won’t get the chance to visit this place again.” 
I immediately regretted saying this.
I hear a slight sniffle as Tess suddenly broke down into tears, trying to talk while 
sobbing.
“Art! I don’t want you to *sniff* leave… You’re the first *sniff* person I’ve gotten ever 
close to…”
“…”
I just gently patted her head while she was rubbing her eyes with the arm not holding 
onto my hand.
As we continued walking in silence, except for Tess’s soft sniffles, we made it outside 
to the courtyard at the back of the castle. The floating orbs were giving off a dim, 
luminescent glow, lighting up the well-kept garden in a gentle atmosphere.
I couldn’t help but imagine how differently this scene could’ve been played out if we 
were ten years older.
Before I even had the chance to finish my thought, a blatantly clear killing intent 
bombarded my senses. Milliseconds later, a faint glimmer gave off the position of a 
projectile aimed at Tess. I pushed the still-crying princess out of the way and prepared 
to parry the projectile with a mana-infused hand.
At that instant, a figure in black faced my back, his right arm in a stance to attack.
Grabbing the projectile, I immediately spun myself to block the assassin with 
whatever was thrown at me. To my surprise, I was face-to-face with Tess’s grandfather.
I jumped back out of range before angrily shouting, “What the hell?! Why are you 
trying to kill us?”
“Kid. It may hurt a little but I doubt that toy you’re holding could kill anyone,” he 
chuckled.
I looked down at my hand to see a pencil-sized projectile with both ends blunted and 
coated in a layer of something close to rubber.
I was tricked!
“Haha! Nice reaction, nice reaction! I didn’t think you’d catch my little present and use 
it to block my next attack! Truly marvelous! However, your usage of mana was 
mediocre at best!”
He proceeded to throw me a wooden sword fit for my size as he took out a wooden 
sword of his own, just a bit bigger.
“Here I come!” Not even giving me the time to get in a stance or even the chance to 
accept his impromptu training, he dashed towards me.
This crazy old bat!
I lowered my stance and, instead of being defensive, I launched myself at him as well, 
accelerating my speed to throw off the timing of his swing. Aiming for the fingers 
gripping his sword, I swung upward, reinforcing my entire body.
Right before my sword came into contact with his hand, I was met with only air as he 
disappeared from my sight.
Whipping my head back, I spotted him a couple meters apart from where I was 
standing.
“You’re a scary little brat, aren’t you? Looks like I’ll have to be a bit more serious!” the 
grandpa smirked.
His speed increased even more. Even with a previous life of only training and battles, 
I was only barely able to keep him in my sight. However, being able to see him and 
being able to respond to his attacks were two different things.
I felt like a sandbag as I could only curse at my own body.
I was able to block one move of his out of every three he landed on my body.
Screw technique, this old bat was messing with me through sheer speed. The only 
reason I was able to somewhat keep up was by using sword techniques and footwork 
to minimize my movement, along with the fact that, because of my size, I was a small 
target.
After about ten, long minutes of being treated like a wooden training post, I started 
noticing some patterns in the grandpa’s attacks.
As he flashed behind me, about to do a horizontal sweep to my legs, I put all of my 
strength into my legs and leaped back with my sword tucked into my armpit, pointing 
at his head.
With a solid thud created from my blow landing, the old bat stumbled a little before 
gaining balance.
“HAHAHAHA! I guess I deserved that one!” he laughed, rubbing his swollen forehead.
Throughout all of this, Tess was surprised at first, but after realizing it was just a spar, 
she settled down. She used this chance, though, to jump out and stomp towards the 
elder.
“Grandpa! You hurt Art too much! You should’ve gone easier on him!” She pinched the 
elder’s side.
“AHH! That hurts, little one. Haha, I’m afraid if I went easier on Arthur, he’d be the one 
bullying me!” he gently answered as he picked up his granddaughter.
He flashed in front of me and suddenly placed his right palm into my sternum.
“Just as I thought. Your body is in a dangerous state…”
I stared blankly at him. Through constant use of mana rotation and meditation, my 
body should be a lot healthier than even the most well-fed four-year-old.
Virion, noticing my doubtful gaze, pressed his palm on my sternum at a certain angle, 
triggering a familiar searing pain.
“Your mana manipulation is good for a beginner despite your age, and your sword 
techniques and fighting experience are frightening enough to make me wonder what 
sort of life you had led to learn all of this.” His eyes narrowed. “But you failed to 
mention one critical thing in your story earlier.”
I could feel my heartbeat beginning to rise as I started to suspect that he found out 
about Sylvia.
“I’ve decided. Arthur, become my disciple!” he nodded, throwing me entirely off guard.
I just stared at him, dumbfounded.
What was this old bat saying?
“What? You can’t be serious, right?” I managed to blurt out.
He just tilted his head in response, “Why not?”
“F-for one thing! I’m a human! Is it even allowed to have humans in this kingdom? Also, 
I need to make sure my family is okay and tell them I’m still alive,” I refuted.
At this, the grandpa went silent as he pondered a little bit before speaking again.
“Living here isn’t a problem as long as you’re under my name. As for your parents… 
Brat, is it an absolute necessity to meet them in person?”
It was my turn to ponder this time.
“I mean; I guess it isn’t strictly a necessity for me to meet my parents in person.
Although I miss them, the most important thing is finding out how they’re doing and 
letting them know that I’m fine if they are as well,” I answered.
“Then come with me tomorrow morning; be outside the manor by six in the morning, 
sharp.”
Before he turned to leave, I stopped him, “Wait! I don’t get why you want me as your 
disciple. Also, you sound awfully hurried. Isn’t it possible for me to go back home and 
spend a bit of time with my parents before coming back here to train under you?”
“I want you to be my disciple because I see your potential, Kid. An uncountable 
number of people have asked me to take them in as their disciple, from rich to poor, 
from young to old. But do you know how many I’ve taken in so far? None! These new 
generation brats bore me. Just because some wealthy noble brat’s parents thought 
their kid was special, they thought they were qualified to ask me to be their mentor!”
I just furrowed my brows, not knowing where Tess’s grandpa was going with this.
“…You’re different. I know you have exceptional talent in mana manipulation and only 
God knows how, but you possess better technique than even I, but that isn’t the reason 
why I decided on teaching you. Brat… I need to ask you. How are you a beast tamer?”
Any sort of amusement that had been on his face previously was all but gone as his 
sharp facial features emitted a deathly gaze.
“Beast tamer? What are you talking about?” I was really confused. Although it was 
getting well into the night and the elder had already sent Tess to sleep, it didn’t seem 
like this conversation was going to end soon.
“Let’s go back inside and talk,” he said, leading me to a living room with couches and 
a roaring fireplace.
Sitting down on a couch, he continued. “Let’s start from the beginning. I assume you 
know that mana beasts possess mana cores just like humans, elves and dwarves, 
right?”
I nodded at this.
“Right. Just like mana beasts, humans, elves and dwarves possess qualities in their 
mana cores that are distinct to their own race.”
He picked up a piece of paper and began drawing a chart.
 Water - Ice
o Plant
 Earth - Gravity
o Magma, Metal
 Fire - Lightning
 Wind - Sound
“These are the four basic elements and their higher forms. The higher forms—Ice, 
Metal, Lightning, and Sound—can only be controlled by mages especially adept at a 
particular basic element, i.e. a deviant. This is where the distinct racial qualities lie…”
He wrote down each race as he recited a brief description:
Humans
“Human mages possess the ability to manipulate all four basic elements and are the 
only race capable of having deviants that can control the higher form of their adept 
element. They also have deviants that can even transcend the four basic elements, like 
healers (emitters), making their mana cores the most diverse.”
Elves
“Elven mages can only manipulate water, wind, and earth, but with much higher 
affinity. We also have a special trait distinct to our race that allows very pure-blooded 
mages to control plants. However, elves don’t have deviants that can manipulate water, 
wind, and earth into their higher forms.”
Dwarves
“Dwarven mages can only manipulate earth and fire but, like elves, they possess a 
much higher affinity to those two elements. Their distinct trait lies in the fact that all 
dwarves are able to mold and bend metal, while some deviants possess the special 
ability to manipulate both earth and fire into magma, something even human deviants 
are not able to do, much less elves. However, they can only manipulate those two basic 
elements and, like elves, do not possess the ability to control the higher form of the 
basic elements.”
“Wait, I’m not getting all of this. Why can’t humans manipulate plants and magma?” I 
asked while reading his handy info chart.
“Good question. Only elves can manipulate plant, which is the only form of nature that 
is alive, because of our lineage being highly affinitive to the nurturing elements. Only 
the Dwarf race can manipulate magma and metal because, like us elves, their lineage 
makes them highly adept to the constructing elements.”
I started subconsciously rubbing the bridge of my nose as my brain whirled.
“Okay. I get the differences between the three races, but what does that have to do with 
me being a beast tamer? What does that even mean anyway?”
“I’m getting to that, brat!” he barked.
“Mana beasts are different from the three humanoid races because each species has 
their own special characteristics. Listing all of them would be endless so I’ll give you 
a simple example. Mages, adventurers or not, are classified: E, D, C, B, A, AA, S, SS class.
This classification is the same for mana beasts as well. Take the sonic hawk. They are 
B Class beasts that possess incredible speed while in flight. They all have to affinity for 
wind and sound. These attributes are innate in their mana cores. Regardless of their 
affinity, if these mana cores are taken out and given to a human or elf mage that 
specialize in the wind element, their training will go by much faster than just 
cultivating mana from their surroundings, but that’s it.”
I impatiently waited as elder Virion gulped down a glass of water before continuing.
“…However! When a mana beast reaches A class or higher, they have the ability to pass 
on their ‘will’, or ability to be more precise, to one person. I called you a beast tamer 
earlier because you have a mana beast’s will in your mana core and from my 
estimation, not just any will but an S class mana beast’s will, if not an SS class will. I’m 
only able to sense this because I’m a beast tamer as well, although the beast’s will that 
I tamed was an AA class beast, the Shadow Panther.”
So that’s how he was so unusually fast.
Noticing the look of revelation on my face, Elder Virion just chuckled. “Yes brat, I was 
able to bully you that badly by utilizing my Shadow Panther’s will. But I only used 
around 50% of my speed.” He shot me a wink.
He was able to go even faster?
Everything was beginning to make sense; the strange, faint markings that appeared 
on my mana core after Sylvia gouged through it and how she said my future progress 
would depend on understanding her power.
My eyes welled up with tears as I lowered my head, trying to keep them from falling.
“You must have been through a lot, child. I’m not going to push you for an answer, but 
the reason why it is urgent for me to guide you is because you don’t have much time,” 
he said in a warm but stern voice.
“What do you mean?” I sniffled, looking up at him.
“The power from your mana core is too strong for your immature body to handle. Let 
me ask you this, boy. Have you recently felt a burning pain coming from your mana 
core?” The look on my face must’ve confirmed his suspicions because he nodded 
solemnly. “If you don’t learn to control your new mana core, it’ll destroy your body.” 
His eyes looked straight at me, dissolving any doubt I may have had.
“…”
“I understand. It seems I have no choice but to be under your guidance. However, I 
don’t think I would be able to focus on training without making sure that my family is 
all right and that they know I’m safe, too. You mentioned something about that 
earlier?” I said, trying to keep my emotions under control.
“Haha! Just call me Grandpa from now on. My first disciple should at least be able to 
call me that. And who knows, maybe I’ll become your grandpa-in-law.” He shot me 
another wink.
He chuckled as my eyes widened in response before continuing. “We’ll go see an old 
friend of mine tomorrow that’ll take care of your worries. What I need from you 
starting now is your utmost diligence. Even I’m not sure how long it’ll take for you to 
master the basics of your beast’s will. In my two hundred years of living, I’ve never 
seen such a young mage, let alone a beast tamer at that. You’re going to bring big 
changes into this world, brat. I just know it.”
I just scratched my cheek, my face hot from embarrassment.
“Go to sleep now, brat! Tomorrow is going to be a long day. You’ll need the rest.”
I got up and bowed before wishing him goodnight. “Goodnight… Grandpa.”
He chuckled, waving me off, and I plopped into my bed, too tired to even get under the 
covers.
I roused from my sleep, grunting, feeling a heavy sensation weighing down on my 
body.
Were they my worries? My burdens? The expectations placed on me? Are these 
weighing down on me even as I slept?
“G’ morning, Art! Wake up!”
I opened my eyes and see that my burdens had taken the form of a lovely young lady 
very similar in appearance to my friend, Tess.
“Come on, sleepyhead! You need to meet grandpa soon! H-hey! Don’t go back to sleep!” 
She bounced up and down, still straddled on top of me.
Did she not know how indecent this may look to others? Haa… the innocence of youth.
“I get it! I’m up, Tess! Please get down from my stomach so I can get up,” I groaned, 
still half-asleep.
“Hehe~ Art, your hair looks funny. Hey hey, is it true you’re going to be staying here
for a while? Grandpa told me this morning! I’m so happy! You’re really staying, right? 
Right?” Tess exclaimed with a wide smile pasted on her cute face.
How the hell was she so energetic this early in the morning?
Trying to tame my bed hair, I responded, “We’ll know for sure after my trip with Elder 
Virion, but most likely, it seems I’ll be bothering you for a bit longer, Princess.”
She stabbed my side with her finger, “Not Princess! Tess! T.E.S.S.! I’m going to get upset 
if you don’t treat me better.”
Damn it, she looked so cute with her pouting face.
“All right, all right! I have to shower and get ready, so unless you want to see me naked, 
I think you should leave the room, Tess.” I waggled my eyebrows lewdly.
“Eek! I’m leaving, you pervert!” I could see her ears turn scarlet as she scurried out of 
the room.
I didn’t think that’d work so well. My four-year-old body hadn’t even fully matured in 
any of its “manly parts,” anyhow.
I just shrugged and hopped into the shower to get ready, making sure to keep the
feather-wrapped stone inside my robe.
As I made my way down the flight of curved stairs, a butler opened the front door for 
me and I spotted a small carriage with Grandpa Virion and Tess inside.
“Father! It is not appropriate for a human to be residing within this kingdom!”
“Alduin is right, Elder Virion. Although saving Tessia is something I will forever be 
grateful for, having a human stay here goes against all traditions.”
I heard The King and Queen talking to Grandpa Virion as he is lazily leaned back inside 
the carriage.
“BAH! Screw traditions! I’ve taken a liking to that brat and so has Tessia, haven’t you, 
child?” he snorted.
“G-grandpa! It’s not like that! He’s just…” her voice trailed off at the end, face glowing.
“Hahaha! Anyways! He’s going to be under my direct guidance from now on, so make 
sure to let everyone know that he is not to be trifled with!”
“F-father…”
“ENOUGH! This is not up for discussion! Oh, brat! You’re here! Come! We should 
hurry!” His expression changed into a smile immediately after seeing me.
I nodded and hopped into the carriage, avoiding the frowns that the King and Queen 
were giving me.
A little into the journey, I asked Grandpa Virion, “Hey Gramps, where are we headed, 
anyway? You said we were meeting a friend of yours, right?”
“Haha! Gramps eh? Well aren’t you awfully comfortable with me now. Good, good! As 
for where we’re going, it’s a surprise.” He threw in a wink.
Tess has fallen asleep with her head leaning against my shoulder. She must have been 
tired from waking up so early.
“Take good care of her, Art. She grew up in a very lonely environment,” he quietly 
muttered, a look of compassion filling his eyes as he looked at his sleeping 
granddaughter.
“What do you mean?”
“Growing up as the only princess of an entire kingdom is very stressful; too much for 
a child to handle. Growing up with no close friends, it was hard on her. She had gotten 
hurt too many times by people pretending to befriend her, only to use her for their 
personal gains. This has made Tessia into someone cold and distant to those around 
her. Imagine how surprised we all were when we saw you two holding hands,” he 
continued.
“Yeah, I noticed when I heard her talk to the guards,” I added.
“Arthur. Tessia has shown more expression, more smiles and laughs, now than she 
ever had growing up; around you, she finally seems more like a child. For that, I thank 
you.” He patted my other shoulder.
This was the first time Grandpa Virion ever initiated physical contact with me outside 
of sparring, which caught me by surprise.
The carriage came to a gentle halt before the driver opened our carriage door to 
inform us of our arrival.
“Hey Tess, we’re here,” I whispered, gently nudging her.
“Mmm…” She eventually stirred awake and we get out of the carriage, arriving at what 
could only be considered a dainty hut.
“Hey, you old witch! Come out!” Grandpa Virion suddenly yelled while knocking on the 
door.
Suddenly, the door flew open to reveal a hunched elderly lady with grey hair that 
seemed like it was struck by lightning and wrinkled eyes that were strangely a mixture 
of multiple colors, all blending together. Dressed in a simple brown robe, she peered 
down at me with a studying eye.
“Took you long enough to get here!” she scowled.
“Hahaha! Arthur! Let me introduce you to Rinia Darcassan. She’s a very special deviant 
amongst us elves,” Grandpa Virion announces.
“It’s good seeing you again, Virion. Charming as always, little Tessia,” she smiled, 
patting Tess’s head.
Looking at me, she stuck out her hand. “We finally meet, young Arthur. I am Rinia. A 
Diviner.”
Grandpa Virion, Tess, Rinia, and I were currently all situated around a circular table 
with a jar of water in the middle.
“Umm… Elder Rinia? You said that you were a diviner, correct? I’m a little lost as to 
what it is you can do. Gramps said that I’d be able to find out if my parents are okay by 
seeing you,” I said, staring curiously at the jar of water.
“Kekeke! Gramps, huh? Virion, you’ve really let yourself go if you’re letting youngsters 
like him call you that,” she snickered.
“Bah! He’s an exception! If any other brat dares to call me something like Gramps, I’ll 
have them hung upside down and beaten with a cactus!” he grinned back, looking at 
me.
How painfully descriptive.
Glaring at me, she barked, “Brat! You don’t even know where your parents are, but you 
want to travel all over Sapin, find them, and then come back to train? You’d be already 
dead by the time you made yourself back here.”
I looked at Grandpa Virion. Did he tell her? Almost as if he knew what I was thinking, 
he chuckled. “I didn’t tell Rinia any of this. There isn’t much you can hide from her, but 
she usually doesn’t bother looking into a person. What made you so nosy, Rinia?” 
Gramps said, directing a worried gaze towards the elderly lady.
“You and I both know he’s special. So special, in fact, that there are parts of his life that 
even I can’t see. Arthur, whatever the beast that passed its will onto you was, it was 
not an ordinary beast. Limiting it to an SS class wouldn’t give it justice.” She pondered 
for a bit before continuing. “Enough about that, though. Arthur, you’re here to see your 
parents, so that’s what I’ll help you do. Close your eyes for a moment and picture your 
parents. Focus on their appearance and their mana signatures. I’ll take care of the 
rest.”
I closed my eyes and imagined the last scene I had of them both together: my father 
badly wounded and my mother healing him.
“Okay, you can open your eyes now.”
I looked at her to see the color of her eyes swirling. The water was floating out of the 
jar and swirling around, forming a spiraling disk. Suddenly, I see my parents in the 
water.
The chair I was sitting on flipped back as I bolted up, leaning as close to the table as 
possible. I saw my mother and father together, sitting around a dining table. It didn’t 
seem to be our home in Ashber. My mother’s face was a bit paler and she was currently 
saying something to my father. I could see she’d lost a bit of weight, but otherwise 
looked pretty healthy. And her stomach! It’s pretty evident now that she was pregnant 
by the fairly noticeable bulge of her belly. And my father looked the same! He was 
wearing some kind of uniform now, though, and was sporting a beard.
I could feel hot tears running uncontrollably down my face at this point, as I didn’t 
dare peel my eyes off of the image of my parents.
They’re alive! They’re doing okay! They’re fine.
“Th-Thank you, Elder Rinia. Thank you truly for showing me this,” I managed a sniffled 
stammer.
She looked a little uncomfortable at my sincerity and just waved it off.
“Ahem! Let me see where they are now.”
The image zoomed out and I could see the outside of where they were living. Just as I 
had suspected, it was definitely not our home in Ashber. Zooming out even more, I 
could see the layout of the city they were staying in.
“It seems like they’ve made their home in Xyrus. That makes things simpler for us,” 
she said, a content look on her face.
Tess, obviously worried about my crying, was patting my back, but her gaze didn’t 
leave the swirling water.
“Art’s parents…” I faintly heard her mumble.
Grandpa Virion clapped his hands together and stood up.
“Okay! Arthur! Let’s let your parents know that you’re alive!”
According to Grandpa Virion, strict regulations controlled communications between 
the Kingdom of Elenoir and Sapin. However, Rinia, being a diviner not discovered by 
the Kingdom of Sapin, allowed us a certain unregulated freedom, in a sense.
“How this process will work is that I will pour some of my innate mana into you, 
establishing a temporary link. When I give you the signal, start speaking as if you’re 
talking to your parents. It’s important to know that they will hear your voice inside 
their heads, so they may not believe what you’re saying at first. Make sure you get 
them to believe that it really is you that’s speaking to them, and that they’re not going 
crazy. Remember, we’re just doing this to let them know you’re still alive. I’m going to 
emit your voice directly into both your parents’ minds. I can’t keep the connection up 
for long, so say what you need to within two minutes,” she asserted, a serious gaze in 
her eyes.
Nodding at this, I prepare myself as well.
“Begin… NOW!”
Her whole body began glowing the same color as her eyes, and I could see the same 
glow spreading to me as well.
Taking a deep breath, I started talking.
“Hi Mom, hi Dad. It’s me, your son, Arthur. You’re probably really surprised that you’re 
hearing my voice inside your head, huh? Well, there’s a reason for that. Before that 
though, I want you to know that I’m alive and safe. Again, I’m alive and well, Mom, Dad.
I managed to survive the fall off the cliff and I’m currently living in the Kingdom of 
Elenoir with the elves. Please don’t tell anyone else this. I don’t have much time, so I’ll 
only say the things most crucial. A friend of mine is a deviant like you, mom, except 
she’s a diviner, so I was able to see how you guys are doing just now as well. She is also 
the one that is allowing you guys to be able to hear my voice. I want to go back to you 
guys as soon as possible, but I can’t right now. No, I’m safe and alive right now, but I 
have a sort of… er… illness inside my body that I need to get rid of before I am able to 
go back. Don’t worry, as long as I stay here and have the elves treat me, I’m 100% okay. 
So please, don’t worry. I don’t know when I’ll be able to talk to you guys like this again, 
but what’s important is that I’m alive and I know you guys are as well. Dad, Mom, both 
of you guys should be hearing my voice right now, so confirm it with each other if you 
still can’t believe this. Remember, don’t tell anyone where I am right now. Better yet, 
just keep it as if I was still dead to make things simpler. It may take months or even 
years for me to be able to go back, but just be sure that I WILL be going back home. I 
love you guys *sniff* so much, and I miss you. Stay safe, and Dad, make sure to keep 
Mom and my baby sibling safe. Mom *sniff*, please make sure Dad doesn’t get into 
trouble. Your son, Art.”
I had trouble keeping my eyes open from the tears that continuously poured down. I 
simply stood silently, rubbing my eyes as I did all I could from breaking down. The 
glow faded around both of us and Elder Rinia collapsed back into her chair, sweating 
and pale.
“Elder Rinia, I don’t know how to thank you for this,” I managed to croak out.
“Train well and continue to cherish those close to you, child. That’s how you’ll thank 
me. Also! Don’t forget to drop in once in a while. This grandma here gets lonely, 
kekeke~!” she answered with a weak smile.
I gave her a tight hug, making her almost jump. She eventually succumbed to my 
cuteness and hugged me in return before shooing all of us away.
While we were walking out, I noticed Tess pouting a little, looking at my chest.
By the time we arrived back at the castle, it was already dark. A maid greeted us on 
arrival, but before I had the chance to go back to my room, I saw the king and queen.
The king came up to me first.
“Arthur, I know you overheard what we were saying earlier today, and I apologize for 
that. Years of being a King has made me a bit old-fashioned and I was unreasonably 
stubborn on you not belonging here.”
The queen continued for her husband, holding my hands in hers.
“You are now Elder Virion’s first disciple. This gives you more than enough reason for 
all of us to accept you. Even if that fact didn’t exist, you still saved our daughter. Please 
consider this place your home. I know you miss your parents dearly, but if I can be of 
any consolation, don’t hesitate to treat me as you would your own mother,” she said, 
giving me a sincere smile.
“Papa! Mama!…” Tess said with her hands covering her mouth. She then ran up to them 
and hugged them both.
I smiled back, thanking them as well. They were good people. Good people that were 
simply looking out for their kingdom.
Smiling behind us, Grandpa Virion nodded at all of us in approval before exclaiming, 
“Brat! Training starts tomorrow, so sleep early!”
I woke up from an immense pain covering my body. Cold sweat had already coated my 
body as the burning feeling intensifies.
“AARGH!” I clutched my body tightly, trying to endure, when the door suddenly swung 
open and Grandpa Virion ran towards me.
“It’s getting worse…”
He placed both hands on my sternum, where my mana core was located, before 
starting to emit his own mana into me.
Slowly, the pain subsided and I was left panting, my clothes drenched in sweat.
“T-thank you,” I managed to wheeze out.
Without looking up, he replied, “It’s a bit early, but let’s start training now.”
Looking out the window, I noticed that the sun had yet to even rise. I probably wasn’t 
going to be able to fall asleep again, so I nodded and followed him out into the 
courtyard.
Sitting cross-legged, he took a long look at me before explaining, “Until now, you’ve 
been purifying your mana core and manipulating mana using your mana channels.
While, for normal mages, this method is sufficient, for beast tamers, we can’t rely on 
this approach. Instead, we do something called ‘assimilation.’”
I sat down, facing him. My face must’ve tipped him off that I had no idea what he was 
talking about.
“Haha! Don’t worry, you’ll know soon enough. What it essentially is, is integrating the 
mana from your core directly into your body’s bones and muscles, hence the method, 
assimilation. Unfortunately, throughout the period of assimilating, your mana core 
won’t develop at all, but that isn’t the point of this. Once the mana from your new core 
is absorbed throughout your body, you’ll be able to start utilizing whatever power 
your beast’s will had.”
So this is what Sylvia meant! Throughout this whole journey through the Forest of 
Elshire and meeting the royal family and Grandpa Virion, I couldn’t help but think that 
Sylvia had somehow planned all of this out.
“Slowly release the mana out of your core and don’t be tempted to use your mana 
channels. Instead, let it seep into your body and slowly have all of your muscles and 
bones absorb the mana. This will take time and effort, but throughout this process, 
your mana core should reject your body less and less,” Virion instructed. “There isn’t 
much I can help you with for the first part of your training except making sure your 
mana is distributed evenly throughout your body and relieving you when your body 
spasms like earlier.”
Training continued on with me meditating, dispersing the mana out of my core and 
into my body. I had gotten the hang of it after a few days, but I realized how long of a 
journey this would be. Directing my mana to form a core when I was an infant took a 
couple of years, but this was doing the exact opposite, except with more mana and the 
extra step further of assimilating the mana directly into the muscles and bones.
I didn’t leave the castle because I wouldn’t know when my body would act up again. I 
was really grateful for Grandpa Virion for sticking by me throughout this time.
Unfortunately for Tess, this left her very little time to play with me. When I wasn’t 
meditating, I was resting in my room, my body aching from being imbued with mana.
However, that didn’t stop her from simply barging in and chattering on about her day.
After several weeks of assimilation, my body acted up less frequently and I was 
allowed to go out into the city. So after promising Tess that I’d go touring around the 
city of Zestier, I went to sleep.
Waiting outside my room was an adorably-dressed Tess. She was wearing a white 
sleeveless sundress and a white sheer cardigan over it. The light pink-colored sun hat 
she wore over her head was decorated with a pale flower, giving her a very fresh and 
doll-like appearance.
“Took you long enough! Hurry, let’s hurry!” She grabbed my hand, half-dragging me as 
I fought my aching body to keep up with her pace.
Seeing the city once again didn’t distill the amazement I had when I had first arrived 
at Zestier. As we got off the carriage and started walking, we took time to visit the 
numerous stalls and stores the city had to offer. While the two of us were met with a 
lot stares from the fact that a human child was holding hands with their kingdom’s 
only princess, it was a feeling I was used to in my previous life, so it didn’t bother me. 
What bothered me, however, was that, while most of these gazes only held curiosity, 
some stares were filled with blatant hostility.
Coming out of the armor shop, I had just moved out of the way for someone when an 
elven child bumped my shoulder.
“Hmph! Well, if it isn’t the human brat that Elder Virion has taken under. I’ve heard all 
about you. Gross, I got human germs on my clothes,” he snidely remarked, a look of 
disgust pasted on his face.
It was fairly obvious by the clothes of this child, who couldn’t be much older than Tess, 
and the attendants, along with the group of friends following behind him, that he was 
a noble.
After spending so much time with Tess, I had almost forgotten how immature children 
were. I couldn’t help but think that, whether they were an elf or a human, spoiled 
nobles always seemed to act as if they’d been taught out of the same manual.
He then turned to face Tess, his facing transforming into a well-practiced smile as he 
offered her his hand. “Princess, it is below your level to be with this human brat. Allow 
me to escort you around,” he urged, expecting Tess to receive his hand.
Not even looking in his direction, Tess linked her arm with mine and coldly retorted, 
“Art, let’s go. There is a bug in that direction and I don’t want to accidentally step on it 
with my new shoes.”
As I was pulled away, I glanced back, shooting the noble kid a look of pity, which 
seemed to infuriate him even more.
“Hold it, brat! I’m not done with you!” he shouted, running up to me and gripping my 
shoulder.
“I heard you’re pretty talented for a human mage. Around here, I happen to be a pretty 
well-known genius myself. My mana core has already reached red stage and aside 
from water manipulation, my mother said that I’ll soon be able to manipulate plants!”
I responded with my most sincere, yet blatantly sarcastic expression of surprise and 
worship.“Oh, my word! Princess Tessia! It seems we are in the presence of pure genius 
here. I am not worthy!”
Tess let out a giggle, not even bothering to hide her amusement.
“I’ll be sure to give you proper respect, Lord Genius of the Elves. So if you’ll excuse 
us…”
As I started leading Tess away, a handkerchief flew past us, landing on the ground.
Turning back, I see the noble brat’s face, red as a tomato, glaring at me as the 
attendants and friends all let out quiet gasps.
“How dare you initiate a duel with the disciple of Elder Virion! You may be of noble 
blood, Feyrith, but you should still know your place! Take it back,” Tessia ordered, her 
eyes narrowed in a glare.
“I’m sorry, Princess, but my father taught me to never let my pride be stomped on.
Arthur, ready yourself for a duel, or retreat with your tail between your legs, knowing 
that your actions reflect your mentor as well. The choice is yours.” Feyrith puffed his 
chest, withdrawing a wand from under his cape.
Some of the people nearby had overheard and had already started to gather around 
us. Tess looked uncertain about all of this, but just nodded her head and took a few 
steps away from us.
I didn’t want to cause a scene since I was a visitor, but after weeks of stifling 
meditation, my body was actually eager for the chance to fight.
“Princess, please do us the honor of initiating the duel,” the noble brat said as he began 
polishing his black wand with his sleeve.
I could see Tess rolling her eyes as she took another step back. “Let the duel 
commence.”
While my mana core was still in the early stages of dark red, I could feel mana 
strengthening every fiber of muscle I flexed as I dashed towards Feyrith.
It was over in a second. He was too cocky and didn’t even take the necessary 
precautions to find out whether I was an augmenter or conjurer, and by the time I was 
within arm’s length, he hadn’t even begun his chant.
As my palm sank into his gut, all he managed to let out was a sharp breath of air, forced 
out of his lungs, before flying back and tumbling on the floor. I was glad that I had used 
my palm because as soon as my hand made contact, I felt a sturdy chainmail 
underneath his clothes.
Feyrith’s attendants and friends’ eyes grew wide as Tess quickly ran to me and pulled 
me away.
Later, Tess explained to me that, in a duel, there were certain unsaid customs. One of 
these customs was to let the challenger make the first move. The other was that 
informal duels between nobles were only a demonstration of magic, not actual 
fighting. This got a good laugh out of Gramps when he found out, saying that the duels 
between nobles were utter foolishness and a completely inaccurate way to measure 
someone’s magical prowess.
All in all, what Feyrith had meant when he initiated the duel was to simply take turns 
showing off each other’s respective magic talent.
It was disappointing to realize that the look of shock from everyone around us wasn’t 
from my fighting prowess, but from the fact that I ignored the customs of the duel.
Since then, I chose to stay in the manor most days, keeping myself out of trouble as I 
lived a rigorous lifestyle that consisted of meditating with Grandpa Virion in the 
morning, spending a little time with Tess in the afternoon, and training by myself at 
night. During this time, I sent messages to my parents every once in a while to let them 
know I was still alive and that I miss them dearly.
Like this, three years passed.
REYNOLD LEYWIN’S POV:
I couldn’t believe it.
My son. My son was gone.
“NOOOO! NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.”
Durden had to hold me back before I jumped off the cliff myself to save my son.
I knew it was too late. I knew what could’ve happened had already happened, but I 
couldn’t just stand still, not doing anything.
“Let me go! My son! He could still be alive. Let me save my son! Please.”
Durden wasn’t budging and Adam came to help hold me back, too.
“Please, Rey. You have to hold it together. There’s no easy way to tell you this, but it 
isn’t possible for him to have survived that fall.” The always playful and lax Adam had 
a solemn expression on his face and couldn’t even meet my eyes.
“Adam is right. Pull yourself together. Your wife needs you, Rey,” Durden also muttered.
They’re right. They’re absolutely right. Yet. Why is my body not listening to me? Why 
can’t I go comfort my wife?
“AAAAHHHHHHH!!!” I broke down before everything went black.
Waking up, I noticed Helen holding a wet towel over my head.
“You’re finally awake,” she said, a sympathetic smile on her face that lacked confidence.
I ignored her and sat up, burying my face into my hands.
“This isn’t a dream, is it? Please tell me I’m going to wake up to see my boy playing 
with Jasmine and Adam.”
“…”
“I’m sorry…” were the only words she managed to say before she started sniffling as 
well.
The flap of the tent opened as Durden made his way inside.
“Reynolds. I can’t begin to imagine how much it must hurt for you, but right now, your 
wife needs you. She’s blaming herself, Rey. She thinks you hate her for losing your 
child,” he said, his red eyes evidence that he was having a hard time as well.
“…” Unable to muster up any words in response, I turned away from Durden.
All of a sudden, I felt a sharp jerk as I was pulled back. Just as my eyes caught a glimpse 
of Durden’s large hand, my vision blurred and a stinging pain throbbed in my cheek 
where he had smacked me.
“Reynolds! We had to stop Alice from killing herself! This isn’t the time to be moping! 
Get off your sorry ass and take care of the one that’s actually alive!” he growled.
This was the first time I had seen the usually composed Durden this infuriated.
I managed a stiff nod, my brain still throbbing from the hit, as I made my way to my 
wife’s tent.
I spotted my wife curled up under a blanket with Angela by her side, patting her gently.
I gave a meaningful look to Angela. Understanding what I wanted, she simply nodded 
before excusing herself out of the tent.
“…Alice.”
“…”
“Honey. Can I see my wife’s beautiful face?”
“…child,” I faintly heard her mumble.
“What was that honey?” I responded, patting her back.
“I killed our child!” She bolted up and turned to face me.
“I killed our son, Reynolds. It was my fault! I-If I wasn’t there, he could’ve dodged that.
He could’ve lived. He sacrificed himself to save me… *sniff*… it was my fault.”
I pulled my wife toward me and held her tight, softly kissing the top of her head over 
and over.
I kept my eyes tightly shut, keeping myself from crying as she continued sobbing into 
my chest.
We just sat like that for a while until her sobs turned into dry whimpers.
*Hic*
“You don’t hate me?” I was barely able to hear her whisper.
“How could I ever hate you? Alice. I love you and I always will.”
*Hic* *Hic*
“…I miss him so much, Rey.” She began sobbing again.
I clench my jaws, willing myself to stay strong in front of my wife.
“I-I know honey. I miss him, too.”
The rest of the journey was a slow and arduous one. Not physically. No. I felt like even 
the wild animals knew of our emotional torment as they steered clear of us. Our group 
advanced in quiet. Any of Adam’s attempts at trying to lighten up the mood was met 
with a crushing silence. Even the cheerful Angela bore a solemn face throughout the 
rest of the journey.
Alice and I fell asleep together last night in each other’s arms. I managed to console 
her, and it helped me, as well. I needed an excuse. I was the one that had sent Arthur 
to protect Alice. I kept trying to find people to blame, but the ones that were actually 
at fault were already killed. Revenge had already been taken. Now, all I was left with 
was this dark hole of emptiness and regret. The only thing that was keeping Alice and 
me sane was our unborn child. For that child, my child, I had to endure. I wasn’t going 
to make the same mistake I had made with Arthur. He was only a child, but I’d sent 
him off to protect my wife against fighters and even a mage. I had no one to blame but 
myself.
We arrived at the floating city of Xyrus through the teleportation gate with no further 
complications, as though God was mocking us by saying we’ve been through enough.
The Twin Horns were supposed to separate from my wife and I from here.
“You guys sure you’ll be okay?” Adam gave us a rare concerned look.
Durden added, “We don’t mind staying with you for a couple more days. I know you 
originally came to this city for Arthur, but…” He never finished the sentence.
“It’s okay. You guys have your agenda. Alice and I have all of our basic necessities and 
money to live off of for a couple of weeks. Keep your guys’ positions updated in Guild 
Hall.” I waved them off, trying to force a smile.
“Will do. Take care, guys. We’ll see each other soon,” Durden replied, hugging the both 
of us.
The girls also gave Alice a warm hug after saying their goodbyes to her. After they left, 
I turned to my wife, giving her a serious look.
“Alice, what do you say about living here from now on?”
Giving me a confused look, she replied, “What about our home in Ashber? We just got 
it all fixed up. A lot of our stuff is still there.”
I shook my head at this. “I think it’ll be better for us to have a fresh, new surrounding.
Our home in Ashber has too many memories of Art. I don’t think we’ll be able to get 
over it if we stay there. We’ll hire some merchants to deliver our stuff from Ashber 
here to us.”
She looked down as she decided before giving me a small nod. “What about a job? How 
will we afford to live here? This is a very expensive city to live in, Rey,” she added, a 
worried look on her face.
For once, I was able to muster up a real smile—a sincere smile that seemed so rare 
these days. “I know an old friend that lives here. He’s asked me to be his guard 
numerous times years back and we still keep in touch from time to time. He’s a fairly 
renown merchant in this area and has a large manor. I’m sure he’ll have a place for us 
to stay. They’re good people, Alice.”
She looked a little doubtful at first, but after arriving at the manor and seeing me hug 
my old friend, her worries lessened.
“Rey! My friend! The hero who saved my life! What brings you to this little city?” A thin 
bespectacled man in a suit exclaimed as he let go of me, patting my arms.
Vincent Helstea, around 1.7 meters in height with a thin frame for a body. He was a 
man of brains, not brawn. Vincent was a normal human, but a very successful one at 
that. The Helstea House had been in the trading business for generation. While their 
family had been on the decline for a few generations, Vincent single-handedly brought 
his family’s assets to an all-new high after building the first Helstea Auction House in 
Xyrus and later building several auction houses within neighboring cities.
We had met when he was on one of his trips to a more remote city to build an Auction 
House when he ran into trouble with bandits. I was there with him at the time, 
fulfilling the escort mission the Guild had assigned me. After saving him, we hit it off 
pretty well.
The maid that answered the door left after she saw Vincent hugging me. Soon after, 
his wife and daughter came out as well, curious as to what all the commotion was 
about.
“Tabitha! Meet my dear friend, Reynolds, and his wife, Alice! Alice, Reynolds, this is my 
wife Tabitha, and this here lovely lady is my daughter, Lilia,” Vincent exclaimed, picking 
up his daughter. She looked to be the around the same age as Art was, with lovely hazel 
eyes that reminded me of a kitten and long brown hair, braided. My heart ached as I 
thought about how beautiful a young lady she’d grow up to be in the future. A future 
she still had…
Forcing myself away from my dark thoughts, I greeted myself, “Tabitha! It’s great to 
finally meet you. Vince told me so many great things about you during our trip 
together to Elshire City. What a cute daughter you guys have!”
After my wife introduced herself and exchanged pleasantries with Tabitha, Vincent 
urged us into the living room to get comfortable.
“So what brings you here, Rey. Last time you sent me a letter, you said you got yourself 
settled all the way up in Ashber,” he said, handing Alice and me a glass of wine.
I took a deep breath and told them the story through gritted teeth.
“I had no idea. I’m so sorry for your loss,” Vincent managed to mutter. His wife covered 
her mouth with her hands. “I wouldn’t know what to do if I lost Lilia. Is there anything 
I can do for you?”
At that, I awkwardly scratched my cheek and asked, “You asked me several times to 
teach your Auction House’s guards a thing or two about magic. Is that offer still up in 
the air? If it is, you would be doing me a huge favor. I really just need enough to rent a 
small house around here and live a simple life. It’s just that I don’t my wife to go back 
to the old house in Ashber where Arthur was born and raised.”
A big grin appeared on Vincent’s face. “Nonsense! No friend of mine is going to be 
sleeping in a small hut. As a matter of fact, I was actually looking for someone! We just 
renovated our Helstea Auction House so it could accommodate three times as many 
people. With that, we got a fresh new batch of augmenter recruits that really need 
some work around the edges. You would be perfect to shape them up a bit, Rey. Can 
you do me a huge favor and work for me?” He put on a desperate face.
I couldn’t help but chuckle in response; he had just turned around my initial desperate 
offer into me, doing him a favor. Nodding, I shake his outstretched hand and discussed 
the deal.
Even though I was restless to start working, Vincent wouldn’t allow it, saying we 
needed time to get situated in order for me to be in the best state to work. Vincent also 
firmly insisted that we live with them in the manor. He told us how Tabitha and Lilia 
were always complaining about this place being too big and empty. Reluctant at first, 
Alice and I eventually got ourselves situated in the left wing of the manor. Vincent was 
more than lenient, saying we could have a couple of rooms, in case we want any more 
babies in the future. Tabitha had to pull her husband away by his ear as he grinned, 
waving us goodbye.
Another unforeseen blessing was how well Alice and Tabitha hit it off. I was worried 
she’d be lonely when I started working, but Tabitha had a lot of free time as well and 
just took care of Lilia, so having Alice around really brightened up her day; because of 
this, my wife had great company, too, and a source of distraction. Once work started, I 
was busy training the new recruits. These mages were not the most talented, but they 
were willing to work hard. After pounding the essentials into their heads, I felt like 
they’d make a pretty solid team of guards in the course of a few months. Of course, all 
of the elite mages, both conjurers and augmenters, were attending school at Xyrus 
Academy, so the ones that didn’t want to be Adventurers ended up being hired by rich 
nobles, like Vincent, as guards, which was also much safer.
It had been a few months now since Alice and I first arrived in Xyrus. During this time, 
we were able to slowly grow accustomed to the city life. Alice’s belly seemed to be 
getting larger by the day and, while she still had reoccurring nightmares about losing 
Arthur, having Tabitha and Lilia around really helped her through that. Just getting 
back home, I was welcomed by the delicious smell of beef stew. Vincent and Tabitha 
had gone out on a date while Alice promised to watch over Lilia with the maids, so it 
was just the two of us having a late dinner tonight, with Lilia already tucked in.
“This beef stew looks amazing, Alice. What’s the special occasion?” I grinned at her.
She smiled softly. “It’s been awhile since I’ve cooked for you. This used to be your and 
Art’s favorite dish.”
Her face turned downcast, but before I had the chance to console her…
‘Hi Mom, hi Dad. It’s me, your son, Arthur… ’
My mind froze. This was Art’s voice. No. I was just hearing things. I looked at Alice 
while the voice continued to talk in my head. Her face was distraught as she began 
looking around. Was she hearing voices, too?
‘…Again, I’m alive and well, Mom and Dad. I managed to survive the fall off the cliff… ’
What is going on? My son is alive? Kingdom of Elenoir? Illness?
‘…It may take months or even years for me to be able to go back, but just be sure that 
I WILL be going back home. I love you guys *sniff* so much, and I miss you. Stay safe, 
and Dad, make sure to keep Mom and my baby sibling safe. Mom, *sniff*, please make 
sure Dad doesn’t get into trouble. Your son, Art.’
I looked at my wife again.
“You just heard the voice now too, right Rey?” she blurted, her voice edged with 
desperation. “Please, tell me it wasn’t just me that heard his voice.”
“Y-yeah. I just heard Art’s voice,” I replied, unable to still make sense out of all of this.
“H-He’s alive! Honey! Our baby is alive! Oh my goodness…” Alice had fallen to her 
knees as her voice trailed off into weeping. She was crying while she wore a smile that 
told me her tears were from joy.
Hell, even I was crying right now. My son was alive! “Our son is alive!!!” I laughed out 
madly.
“Hey, Art! Hurry up! We’re going to be late!”
“AAAGGHHHH!! Tess! Stop! I give! I GIVE!” I cried out.
Tess finally got off of me, letting go of the leg lock she had in a firm grip.
“Can’t there be a gentler way of waking me up, Tess?” I grumbled, massaging the 
feeling back into my leg.
“It’s getting harder and harder to wake you up in the morning! I have to do something, 
right? Besides, you should be grateful that such a pretty lady is waking you up every 
morning.” She fluttered her eyes at me.
“I find the maids here plenty pretty, thank you very much,” I muttered under my 
breath.
She must’ve heard, because that earned me a firm squeeze on the side.
Where did the shy Tess that was too scared to sleep alone in the tent go; the sweet 
Tess that begged me not to go? Bring her back! I liked her better!
Something I realized in my three years of living in Elenoir was that elves awakened 
much earlier than humans did. Whereas the average age for a human is around 
thirteen years old, elves awoke around the age of ten.
Tess had awakened fast, even for an elf. It happened last year, and boy, did she awaken 
with a bang. It wasn’t as big as when I had first awakened, but she had managed to 
destroy her room upstairs, fall down, and create a small crater from the implosion in 
the kitchen right below. Since then, she’s been joining me in training with Gramps. All 
I can say is, since awakening, she’s become a lot more confident and bold, in more bad 
ways than good. She knew how strong my body was, so she had no hesitation in using 
me as her sandbag as she tried new spells that she learned from Grandpa Virion and 
other conjurer teachers. What she just didn’t seem to get even after all of my cries was 
that I still felt pain, dammit!
As for me, today was a very special day because, after three years, I was finally able to 
complete the assimilation of mana into my body. It was almost my birthday, so while 
Tess had turned nine a couple months ago, I’ll be finally turning eight. During this time, 
I wasn’t allowed to absorb any mana from my surroundings and was only allowed to 
use my innate mana formed from my mana core to spread it into my body. Today was 
the final step that took place once a beast tamer finished his assimilation.
I skipped showering and just changed into a more presentable robe, tucking the stone 
into my robe before heading out into the courtyard with Tess.
“Finally awake now, eh Art? How did your wife wake you up today? Haha!” Grandpa 
Virion mused as he sipped his tea on the small table outside.
“Ugh, wife? Where? I didn’t know you could marry demons. You’re turning her into a 
monster, Gramps,” I groaned.
Luckily, Tess wasn’t able to overhear as she came outside just moments after.
“She’s going to grow up into a fine woman, Art. Better sweep her off her feet before 
it’s too late,” he chuckled, lifting his teacup in a toast.
Tess just blushed at that and elbowed my side.
“AGGH!” Why? What did I do?
“Hahaha! Art! Are you ready? Today is finally the day. After this, you’ll be a true beast 
tamer, not like those lucky adventurers that just have a Beast’s will,” he emphasized, 
arms crossed.
I gave him a firm nod while Tess headed to the table Gramps was sitting at to watch.
It wasn’t much of a ceremony. All it consisted of was Gramps exerting a large amount 
of mana into my core. This would trigger a large surge of mana that I would have to 
direct and spread into my body.
“Do you remember the basic phases of beast tamers, Art?” he quizzed.
I recited the basics that Grandpa Virion pounded into me these past years. “All beast 
tamers have a different number of forms that they can will their bodies into. The 
number of forms depends on the strength of the Beast’s will that is left in the mana 
core. The first phase that all beast tamers have is ‘Acquire.’ In this phase, the Tamer 
can utilize a small portion of the inherent ability that their beast has. The second stage 
is ‘Integrate,’ where the Tamer’s body wholly infuses with the Beast’s will, allowing a 
much better control over their beast’s inherent abilities.”
“Correct! The phases that the beast tamers are able to unlock simply shows how much 
they can utilize their Beast’s will. The stronger the beast, the harder it is, but at the 
same time, if the tamer can’t get insight, then it is also impossible to get past the first 
phase. One thing to note, however, is that, not always is the Integrate stage more 
powerful than the Acquire stage. The Acquire phase is tapping into a specific inherent 
ability of your beast’s while Integrate is a much more all-encompassing power-up 
using your Beast’s will,” he reminded, his face deathly serious.
“While I didn’t tell you earlier, now that you are about to become a true beast tamer, 
you should know the differences in how a beast tamer’s will is acquired. If the beast is 
killed and his mana core is extracted with its will still intact, a mage can absorb the 
will and try to gain insights. That mage would be considered a forged tamer. While it 
is a lot easier and straightforward to become a forged tamer, the probability of gaining 
insight is very rare and limited. One of the reasons it took me so long to be able to 
break into the second phase was because I am a forged tamer. I consider myself lucky 
to even be able to break into the second stage, though. Arthur, you are one of the 
extremely rare legacy tamers; where the beast willingly imparted its will onto you.”
Continuing on, he explained, “Art, my first phase doesn’t really make me that much 
faster, but I’m able to erase a bit of my presence and blend myself into the shadows.
You haven’t seen my second phase, right? Watch carefully. It took me over ten years 
for me to make a breakthrough into this phase.”
Feeling a powerful surge of mana surrounding his body, I couldn’t help but 
involuntarily cringe. All of a sudden, the mana around his body seeped back into him 
and my eyes widened.
Grandpa’s skin turned pitch black. Even the whites of his eyes became black while his 
irises turned sharp and glowed yellow. His tied white hair became unbound and was 
also a shiny black color. The aura that surrounded him made me shudder and take a 
step back.
“This is the Integrate phase. I’m going to sneak up behind you. Pay attention,” he 
growled, his voice much raspier than before.
Was it really sneaking up if he tells me… was what I was thinking when he disappeared 
from my vision. I couldn’t feel his presence at all but I when looked behind me as I had 
been told to do, his finger was already pressed against my jugular as he looked down 
at me with his glowing yellow eyes.
Fast. It seemed like instant teleportation, but I knew it wasn’t by the skid mark from 
his initial position. It was speed that even I couldn’t keep up with. Not even close. No.
The scary part wasn’t even his insane speed. It was his lack of presence. Even directly 
behind me, I couldn’t sense where he was.
He turned back to normal, his face slightly flushed as Tess began clapping as if this was 
a show.
“Whew! Using that form always takes a toll on me. After training with it for a couple 
decades, I’m able to keep the form on for a bit less than an hour. During my Acquire 
phase, I am simply channeling a small portion of my Beast’s will and I’m able to 
borrow the speed and stealth of the shadow panther. However, with my Integrate 
phase, not only did my speed and stealth rise, so did my senses, to keep up.”
I nodded in agreement.
“Good! Let’s begin the ceremony,” he replied, clasping his hands together.
We stood face to face, only an arm’s length apart. Tess was now leaning forward in 
excitement, as we were about to start.
“Just let your mana come out freely. Don’t try to control anything. I’ll restrain you if 
necessary, so it’s crucial that you keep a relaxed state of mind and rouse the particles 
of mana you assimilated all these years,” he instructed.
After a nod in response, he then began exerting mana into my core, flooding my core 
with his mana along with mine.
Instantly, I began feeling a warm sensation, like a hot gust of air was flowing in and 
out of my pores.
As I felt my body reaching its limit, a loud explosion startled me out of my 
concentration, only for me to see Gramps getting thrown back and Tess falling back on 
her chair and rolling back as well.
An unbearable pain immediately surged from my body, as if my very skeleton was 
trying to crawl out of my skin. Without even the strength to scream, my vision darkens.
I welcomed the darkness because I knew it would relieve me of my pain.
Waking up back in my bed, I sat up, feeling surprisingly refreshed. Sitting to my side, 
laying her head down on my legs, was Tess. Looking at her sleeping like this, it 
reminded me of when I had escorted her back home after saving her from the slave 
traders.
Grandpa walked in soon after, and he sat down on the other side of the bed, not 
bothering to wake up his slumbering granddaughter.
“How do you feel, brat?” His lips curl up into a half grin.
“I should be asking you that, Gramps. I saw you get sent flying; even Tess was knocked 
back.”
He just let out an embarrassed chuckle. “I have to admit, I wasn’t expecting that great 
of a force. I know you probably have a good reason for not even telling me what kind 
of beast gave you its will, but I’ll ask just one more time. What sort of beast gave you 
its will?”
Scenes of my time with Sylvia ran through my mind, one of them being her telling me 
never to tell anyone I had met her. However, Virion was probably one of the few people 
I could actually trust, and he had the right to know. If it wasn’t for him, I probably 
wouldn’t be alive.
“…Well, using her own words, it was what we call a dragon that had passed her will to 
me.”
A thick silence filled the room as Virion’s face was frozen in the same stricken 
expression he had when I told him. He began mumbling to himself, the only words I 
could make out being ‘possible’ and ‘never happened.’
“D-Dragon…” he managed to wheeze out, his eyes staring blankly at me.
“Dear lord… a D-Dragon Tamer. In all my life, I’ve never thought I’d be able to see the 
birth of a Dragon Tamer… I-I’m even the one that trained him! HAHAHA! A Dragon 
Tamer!”
Tess woke up from the now senile Virion and looked at him, confused.
He suddenly grabbed both my shoulders and looked at me intently. “You did right in 
keeping this a secret. Do not tell anyone else. This power of yours has to be kept a 
secret until you have the strength to protect yourself and those around you.”
“I'm beginning to believe that more and more, Gramps,” I responded seriously.
“Good! Although I would like to know the whole story, I am more than satisfied with 
what you’ve told me for now.” He smiled back.
“What is it, Gramps? What did Art tell you? Uu… not fair, keeping secrets from me.” 
Tess started pouting at this point.
“Hahaha, you’ll know when the time is right, little one. Arthur! I have good news. The 
teleportation gate that is supposed to open in two years will be opening early. There 
is a tournament that will be held in the city of Xyrus in four months. This tournament 
will be a very important event for the future because both the dwarves and elves are 
sending youths as representatives for both the tournament and as preliminary 
students to your human academy. During the tournament, we can sneak you back into 
Sapin without the humans knowing at that time,” Gramps exclaimed with a smile on 
his sharp face.
“Really Gramps? I can go home soon?” I shot out of bed.
I would finally be able to see my parents again! I had been sending messages to my 
parents every once in a while through Elder Rinia, but after seeing them through the 
water divination technique, I wasn’t able to see them again.
“Y-you’re going to be leaving soon, Art?” Tess asked, her face crestfallen.
“Yeah. I have to meet my family soon. Don’t worry though! I’ll visit you again! And 
maybe you can come visit me in Sapin!” I said, hoping to cheer her up.
“We still have four months, Arthur! Until the day the teleportation gates open, I expect 
you to train harder than before, brat! Your mana core hasn’t developed at all these past 
three years from the assimilation you had to do. Don’t focus on only training your 
Beast’s will. That should only be used as a trump card. Understood?”
He was right. Although I had yet to activate even the Acquire phase of my dragon will, 
I knew that using it would only bring unwanted attention. I shouldn’t use my Beast’s 
will, if possible.
Continuing, Grandpa slapped my back and said, “Now! Take a bath and then rest. You 
reek of something rotten, brat. Little one, let’s leave Arthur alone so he can 
recuperate.”
I noticed Tess still looking depressed by the sudden news of my leaving. Growing up 
and living with her for three years had given us a bond that was close to siblings, and 
while she was only nine years old, the fact that she was already showing signs of 
blossoming into a beautiful woman did make me feel a twinge of regret that I wouldn’t 
be here with her as she grew up.
“Tess! Cheer up okay? I’ll still be around for a few more months and even after I leave, 
it’s not going to be permanent. I hope you can someday come and meet my parents, 
too.” I gave her a sincere hug.
“Eeep! W-What are you—?!” I can almost see the steam coming out of her head as she 
turned bright red. Suddenly, she pushed me away and ran out.
“Ah! Youth! Haha, sleep well, brat!” he chuckled, shaking his head while closing the 
door behind him.
Was Tess going through puberty already?
I hopped back into bed, feeling too lazy to take a shower right now.
“I’ll just lay down for a little and then take shower,” I muttered aloud.
*Rustle* *Rustle*
I wonder if it’s windy tonight. I usually didn’t hear the rustling of leaves.
*Crack*
Okay… that was an unusual sound.
I sat up to look around, trying to locate where the sound is coming from.
*Crack* *Crack*
I turned my gaze towards my robe, hanging on the chair.
“Kyu~” “Kyu~”
Kyu?
My robe was making “kyu~” sounds? My brows furrowed as I tried to assess what’s 
going on.
*Crack!* “Kyu~!”
The stone!
I jumped out of my bed and carefully rummaged through my robe to locate the gem 
that Sylvia had entrusted me with.
“H-haha… Holy shit…” I breathed out as I fell back on my butt, staring at what used to 
be the rainbow-colored gem.
“Kyu~!”
The stone wasn’t a gem…
It was an egg!
And what used to be an egg was now something that I couldn’t put into one word.
The first thing that had come to mind was that it was a dragon. It looked sort of like a 
dragon to me, but at the same time, it didn’t. It was all black. It kind of reminded me 
of a small kitten, but with scales. It was sitting on all fours, studying me with its head 
tilted to one side. The sclera that would usually be white in the human’s eyes was 
black, like Grandpa Virion when he uses his second form, except its irises were a bright 
red instead of yellow. The pupils were sharp slits that would normally make it look 
menacing, but with the body of something akin to a small feline animal, it just looked 
adorable. The most noticeable difference between a dragon like Sylvia and this little… 
thing was that it had two horns on its head. The horns looked identical to the illusion 
that Sylvia had embodied before she revealed to me that she was a dragon. They 
curved outward around its head and then, sharpened into a point in the front.
Its head was shaped like a cat’s, but the snout was a just a little bit more pointed, 
otherwise the same. The tail, though, looked exactly like Sylvia’s tail. It was a reptilian 
tail that had two red spikes at the end. Along the spine of this hatchling were also small 
red spikes that matched the color of its eyes. It didn’t have wings, but where the wings 
should be located were, instead, two small bumps.
I could see that its belly didn’t have scales, though; it looked sort of leathery.
The newly-hatched creature suddenly let out a toothless yawn, toppling on its back 
after losing balance.
And in response, I was flushed with the overwhelming urge to embrace this creature.
“Kyu?” It locked its sharp eyes on me with intelligence that didn’t match its 
appearance.
“H-hi there, little fella, I’m Arthur.” I stretched my hand out towards it as if it were a 
dog that needed to know my scent.
“KYU!” It jumped off of the chair and onto my lap, gazing up at me.
I could feel my hands twitch as I suppressed the urge to squeeze it. Unlike the majesty 
and fearsomeness that Sylvia had, this creature was dangerous in a different sense.
Unable to hold in the urge, I carefully petted the adorable menace. The scales were 
surprisingly soft and the red spikes that ran down its back felt like rubber. I guess 
young animals, whether humans or monsters, were all squishy and soft. It started 
purring, closing its eyes.
I could feel the tension on my face melt as I let out a soft laugh. “Hehe…”
It rolled onto its back, asking for a more thorough rub. The belly felt like a very soft 
leather, making it very smooth to rub. I took a closer look at its claws and found it 
interesting that they looked closer to paws than actual claws. The only thing that was 
hard were its horns, which were surprisingly sharp as well. I couldn’t help but 
compare them to the beak a bird would use to crack itself out if its shell.
“Aren’t you just a cute lil fella?” My smile widened while petting this adorable 
newborn, to the point where it seemed intoxicating.
After a little bit, I couldn’t help but think of what to name it, which made me realize I 
didn’t even know the gender of this mysterious creature.
“Kyu~!” Suddenly, the newborn shot its tongue out and licked the underside of my left 
forearm.
“Ah!” I reflexively tried to move my arm back from the scorching sensation, but before 
I could, a glowing black light began enveloping my arm.
The prickling pain subsided fairly quickly, so I just waited. The creature pulled its 
tongue back, revealing a black marking on my forearm.
It looked a lot like the tribal markings that covered Sylvia before she passed on her 
will to me, but the shape of this pattern was that of a wing. Just one open wing, but it 
was made up of several dashes and sharp curves that branched out, making it look 
very intricate and mysterious.
I’m only eight, but I already had a tattoo. I’m such a rebel.
‘…Mama~?’
The creature looked up at me with its mouth closed.
What? I obviously heard a voice just now.
‘Mama?’ This time, I heard it clearly in my head.
Was this… telepathy?
Shaking my head helplessly, I responded vocally, “I guess I’m your mother. But I’m a 
boy, so you should call me papa.”
‘Papa!’ It suddenly jumped up and licked my nose.
I’m a rebel with a tattoo and a child.
After communicating with the creature for a bit, I had come to realize a few things. I 
guess after the mark had appeared on my forearm, a sort telepathic connection was 
established. The voice I heard in my head from the creature sounded like a girl’s, so I 
decided to name her Sylvie after her real mother.
“Syeevy?” she responded with her head tilted.
Picking her up and bringing her close to my face, I smiled at her, “That’s right! Your 
name is Sylvie.”
She nuzzled her nose to mine while closing her sharp eyes.
Another thing I realized was that Sylvie had a pretty high intellect for a newborn. She 
already seemed to have the mental capacity of a toddler. While we communicated 
telepathically, I knew she wasn’t necessarily talking to me in English, but I just 
understood it as that. It was a very odd feeling, not knowing the words she was 
actually saying but knowing what she meant. Besides simple words like “papa”, most 
of the thoughts she communicated came through as emotions. I was able to get the 
gist of what she meant by how she felt.
“Okay, Sylvie! I need to wash now. Do you want to come with me?” I said while setting 
her down.
“Kyu?” She tilted her head again while she looked up at me. I felt like she was asking 
me what “wash” was, so I just laughed and took her with me.
Getting into the shower, she seemed to cry out ‘NOOOOOOO’ as she wailed a shrill 
“KYUU!”
“I guess you don’t like water that much, do you Sylvie?” I chuckled, setting her down 
and out of the shower.
Sylvia shook herself off like a wet dog and plopped down on the floor next to the 
shower, her tail wagging, observing me as I finished washing up.
Her behavior sort of reminded me of a mix between a dog and a cat. Never would I 
imagine her lineage to be that of a mighty dragon. Of course, this was assuming that 
she was actually Sylvia’s child.
That got me thinking though.
Was Sylvie really a dragon? She sure looked kind of like a baby dragon…
Why was she completely black when Sylvia was pure white? What baffled me the most 
was the fact that Sylvie had horns eerily similar to that of the horned, demon king 
illusion that Sylvia was at first, and also to that of the demon that confronted her.
I got out of the shower and dried myself off. No use thinking about all of this now; how 
was I going to explain this to Gramps and Tess, though?
As I got out of the bathroom, Sylvie toddled behind me, ‘kyu’ing me to not leave her 
behind.
I gathered up the pieces of the shell that Sylvie came out from and set it aside. Then I 
wrapped the feather that encased the stone around my forearm to cover the marking 
that little Sylvie had left.
Four months. In four months, I would be able to see my parents. I wonder if they’d still 
recognize me.
Sylvie must’ve felt the longing emotion for my parents because she cuddled in close to 
my face and licked my cheeks.
“Thanks little Sylv.” Petting her horned head, I fell asleep.
“KYAAAAAA!”
“What is it? What happened? Who’s there?” I jumped up on my bed, using my pillow 
as a makeshift sword, bed hair ablaze.
“Omygosh! What is this? It’s so CUTE! Kyaa!”
I turned my attention to Tess who was holding onto the squirming Sylvie.
“Kyu!!” she cried. 'Papa, help!'
Letting out a defeated breath, I fell back into bed.
Come back, my beautiful sleep…
“Her name is Sylvie and she just hatched from her shell yesterday. You should let go of 
her, though. It looks like she doesn’t like being strangled,” I muffled through the pillow 
that I’d covered my head with.
It was too early in the morning.
Sylvie had finally freed herself from Tess’s grasp and was glaring at her while she hid 
herself behind me.
“Grrrrr…” Sylvie let out a high-pitched growl.
“Don’t worry Sylv, she’s a friend,” I said while petting her head, giving up on going back 
to sleep.
“She’s adorable!” Tess was literally drooling over my cautious hatchling. I could see 
hearts coming out of her eyes as she inched herself closer to us, her hands twitching 
lewdly like a predator’s.
“Okay, now you just look scary, Tess. Get out of my room so I can change,” I instructed 
while pushing the perverted princess out of my room.
I changed into a loose robe and pants. As I was putting on my shoes, Sylvie jumped 
onto my head and nestled herself, hitching herself a ride.
“Kyu!” She sure sounded happy.
I walked downstairs, saying good morning to the confused and shocked maids that 
couldn’t take their eyes off the top of my head.
They all ended up having the same expression as Tess, though. I ended up having to 
pick up my pace as I started fearing for our safety.
“Gramps! We’re here!” I shouted at Grandpa Virion who was sipping tea while reading 
something.
Turning his head, he smiled, “Ah! Art you’re here! Why was Tess fussing about some 
sort of pet that…”
His cup dropped when he noticed the horned black lump sitting on my head.
“Th-That’s…” He continued to stutter something incomprehensible.
“What is that?” He finally managed to ask, his eyes never leaving the top of my head.
“Er… I think she’s something like a dragon, although I’m not entirely sure myself,” I 
responded unconfidently.
“Kyu?” I could tell Sylvie was cautious of Virion through our mental link.
Tess came through the door into the courtyard, practically bouncing up and down.
“You said it’s a dragon? But it's so cute! Art! Can I hold her? Can I? Can I?” she begged, 
eyes sparkling.
“Grrr~” Sylvie started hissing at her mortal enemy as her claws started stabbing into 
my scalp.
“AH ow ow OWOW! Sylvie your claws!” I tried peeling her off my head, but she 
wouldn’t budge.
Grandpa Virion, who was half-dazed, still trying to make sense out of the creature on 
my head, finally spoke up. “If that really is a dragon, how did you come across an egg? 
How did you get it to hatch?”
“The dragon that left me her will entrusted me with a stone that I thought was just a 
valuable gem. I didn’t even realize what it actually was until it hatched. What do you 
mean by get it to hatch?” I was confused now as well.
“Supposedly, dragon’s eggs, assuming it really is one, aren’t able to hatch just through 
the passage of time. It is said that the dragon inside must feel that something capable 
of protecting and loving it was close by in order for it to hatch. Even then, there must 
be a very close bond between them,” he explained.
Trying to think of what might have triggered the hatching, I almost immediately came 
to the conclusion.
“Activating the will, Gramps! I think that’s what made her come out!” I exclaimed.
He scratched his chin, slowly nodding. “That is a viable explanation. The draconic 
races haven’t been seen for hundreds of years, with only limited records of them, so I 
can’t say for sure. No use thinking about it now, though! Just be sure to keep the 
hatchling close by at all times. While it does look very much like a creature of the 
draconic races, I would be one of the only few that would be able to make that 
connection. Most people wouldn’t know that creature was a dragon, so it should be 
fine by just feigning it off as a sort of rare mana beast.”
After that matter was settled, I placed Sylvie on the ground beside me while I began 
training.
The next step in my training for the next four months would be learning to utilize the 
power of Sylvia’s will that she left me, as well as condensing my mana core into the 
next stages.
“Accessing the first phase is simple, yet may take a lifetime if comprehension of your 
Beast’s will does not come naturally. While your mana core is only dark red, your body 
right now should already be beyond that of a dark orange stage mage. After the 
ceremony, you should feel a small area inside of your mana core that holds the will’s 
power. That is where your Beast’s will is stored. Accessing the Acquire stage should 
occur through your own learning, not through being taught. From my experience, the 
best way to trigger your Beast’s will is to continuously be in combat.”
“Makes sense to me,” I replied, already stretching my body.
“Good! Then let’s fight!” he instructed with a confident smirk on his face.
The days went by quickly for me as I was completely immersed in training. I was able 
to access my first phase but I wouldn’t be able to use it in an actual fight until I gained 
more control over it. Virion also taught me how to conceal my Beast’s will so other 
mages wouldn’t notice. After the assimilation, the speed of my mana cultivation went 
through leaps and bounds.
During this time, there didn’t seem to be any changes in Sylvie except that she had 
gotten a little more intelligent. Her vocabulary was still limited, but it was a lot easier 
for us to understand each other. I also went out together with Tess a lot. She had 
dragged me out with her during any free time we had, trying to make as many 
memories as possible before I left. Like that, the four months that seemed so far away 
had now passed.
Dressed in a simple olive-green long-sleeved shirt and black pants with the feather 
wrapped around my forearm, I came out of my room.
“Arthur! Remember to take care! We’ll find some way to contact and update you. Take 
this with you so you can navigate through the Forest of Elshire if you’re ever in the 
area. Or maybe you can just find another princess to lead you back.” He winked while 
handing me a small, silver oval compass.
“Uuu… Grandpa!!!”
“OUCH! Little one! It was a joke!” Grandpa Virion yelped while rubbing his side.
“While Alduin and Merial will be going in a separate carriage as the heads of this 
kingdom, Tess and I won’t be going. This will be the last time we’ll see each other for 
now. Until next time, Arthur!” He grabbed me in a strong hug, almost knocking Sylvie 
off of my head.
“I’ll miss you, Art! Remember to come visit again! Uu~ don’t go chasing after human 
girls, okay? Promise me, okay?” She sniffled, tears lining her eyes.
I hugged my dear friend and patted her head as well. “We’ll see each other again! You 
better be stronger than me the next time we meet, Tess! With Gramps teaching you, 
you have no excuse!”
She gave me a feeble nod, unable to form words because of her constant sniffling.
I waved goodbye to the both of them and followed behind Merial and Alduin after they 
gave me a sympathetic smile. I hadn’t really gotten the chance to spend much time 
with the King and Queen, but we were more comfortable with each other now. I hoped 
that next time, I would be able to grow closer to them.
I got into the carriage that the elf representatives were taking, while the king and 
queen were escorted into a separate carriage.
“Well, look who it is! If it isn’t the human brat! Did the royal family finally kick you out 
of the kingdom?” an elf boy dressed in a very decorated purple robe smirked.
“Uh… I’m sorry, but do I know you?” I felt like I knew who this elf was, but I couldn’t 
quite place my finger on where we had met. Meanwhile, Sylvie was growling, pointing 
her horns in his direction.
“I’m the noble you mercilessly attacked while defying the customs of the duel!” He 
bolted up angrily, pointing an accusing finger at me.
It suddenly clicked. “You’re the bug I sent tumbling!” I yelled out in realization, a bit 
louder than I had meant to.
“Y-you dare…?!” His face turned bright pink as his ears twitched profusely in anger 
while a few elves behind him desperately tried to cover their snickering.
“Aha sorry, sorry! I didn’t mean to say that. I never did learn your name though,” I 
chuckled, extending a hand to him.
Face still red and trying to preserve as much of the little dignity he had left, he rejected 
my handshake and declared in a pompous tone, “My name is Feyrith Ivsaar III, 
descendent of the noble Ivsaar family! You may have won while we were both children, 
but were we to duel again, I would win easily.”
A young elf girl that looked a few years older than Feyrith piped in, saying, “You can 
just call him Feyfey like we do.”
“D-Don’t tell him that!” Face turning an even darker shade of red, Feyfey turned his 
head away from me and took a seat.
I sat down next to Feyfey and gave him a sympathetic pat on his shoulders that were 
slumped in defeat.
As our carriage went into the teleportation gate, we were greeted by the now familiar 
sensation of being in the middle of a fast-forwarding film.
“We have arrived in Xyrus!” The driver announced.
Taking a quick peek out, I noticed we were surrounded by a parade of people all 
politely clapping at our entrance. This tournament was supposed to be one of the 
biggest turning points throughout the continent. It wasn’t just gathering all of the 
gifted youths together, but also building a future where they could also learn under 
one roof. It was an exciting venture that the leaders of the continent were taking, but 
also a scary one that would also, no doubt, be filled with dispute and hostility.
The driver pulled the carriage close to a small gap between two buildings after passing 
through the crowd and signaled to me in the back that this would be the best time to 
leave without being noticed.
I said bye to Feyfey and the rest of the representatives and wished them luck. Feyfey 
merely whipped his head away, but also made a slight waving gesture. Jumping off the 
carriage with Sylvie still on my head, I made my way through the alleyway as I tried 
remembering the home my parents were staying in.
After around an hour of making my way around, I finally managed to find the huge 
manor where my parents were supposed to be residing.
“We’re home Sylv. We’re finally home,” I muttered shakily under my breath.
“Kyu?” she said as if to say, 'I thought we were at home before.'
I took careful steps walking up the flight of stairs and took one deep breath. Dusting 
off my shirt and pants I knocked on the giant double doors.
It was a strange feeling—being more nervous now, meeting my family, than when I 
first appointed king while in the midst of the most powerful people in the world.
“Whew~ let’s do this, Sylvie.”
“Kyu!” she responded, my excitement spreading to her.
The dull sound of metal clanging on metal rang surprisingly loudly.
Unexpectedly, I could hear the faint pitter-patter sounds followed by a childish voice. 
“Coming~!”
A maid opened the door together with a little girl. Immediately upon seeing me, she 
hid behind the maid.
The maid looked at me curiously, evidently surprised to see an eight-year-old 
knocking on the door of a noble’s estate.
“Ahem, nice to meet you. My name is Arthur Leywin. I was informed that my family is 
currently residing in this manor. Do you mind if I speak to them?” I give a slight bow, 
Sylvie rocking on my head.
Before the confused maid could even respond, I heard an all too familiar sound in the 
background.
“Eleanor Leywin! There you are! You have got to stop running to the front door every 
time someone…” My mother stopped mid-sentence and dropped a small bowl of what 
looked to be food for… my sister.
I look down to see the girl with dazzling brown eyes, looking at me with innocent 
curiosity. Her light, ash brown hair shimmered with a much prettier quality than 
Father’s, but I knew who she had gotten the color from. Her hair was tied into two 
pigtails on the sides of her head above her ears.
I struggled to peel my eyes away from my little sister and turned to face my mother.
My vision going blurry as tears filled my eyes, I said the one thing I knew she was 
waiting to hear.
“H-Hi Mom. I’m home.” I gestured with a small, awkward wave, not knowing what to 
do if she couldn’t recognize me.
Fortunately, my fear didn’t come true and she raced towards me at a speed I swear 
was faster than Grandpa Virion’s, but that might’ve just been because of my blurry 
vision.
“Oh, my baby! Arthur!!” She arrived in front of me and collapsed on her knees, her 
arms around my waist, gripping with all her strength, afraid that I might disappear 
again if she let go.
“You are alive! The Voice… I knew it was you! *sniff* You’re back now! Yes, you’re home 
now. Arthur, my baby!” That was all she managed to sputter out before breaking down 
into a bawl.
I couldn’t even manage a complete sentence before I shut my lips tightly in order to 
hold back my sobs.
I couldn’t help but think while my head was buried in my mother’s shoulder: you could 
be an all-powerful, immortal tyrant, but when you are in front of your loved ones, the 
ability to control emotions betray you.
I kept repeating in half-gurgled sentences that I was alive and that I was home, that I 
wasn’t leaving. My mother was a flurry of emotions. She was happy that I was back 
and alive, she was mad that I couldn’t come back sooner, she was sad that I had to be 
away from them, and how hard it must have been for me all at the same time.
At one point, Eleanor walked to us and started patting Mother’s back. “Mama. There, 
there. Don’t cry.” But after unsuccessfully comforting her, she began crying as well.
“Arthur!” I turned my head, face still wet with tears, to see outside, the sprinting figure 
of my father drenched in sweat. I guess the maid had told him I was back.
He didn’t stop as he reached us and simply slid on his knees, hugging all of us as we 
almost toppled over.
“Arthur! My son! Look how big you are. Oh my God! You’re back, you’re back!” My 
father was cupping my head in his hands to get a better look at my face. He broke down 
while placing his large hand on the back of my head, bringing my forehead to touch 
his.
Our little family reunion continued on. My mother sobbed uncontrollably, embracing 
me, and my oblivious little sister cryied with her as my father and I just looked at each 
other with tears in our eyes, all of us glad that we were finally together.
Eventually, we had all managed to settle down.
We sat on a couch, my mother right beside me with Eleanor on her lap. Father was 
sitting on a chair he pulled up, facing me, his elbows on his knee as he leaned forward.
Mother was holding my hands and still teared up every time she got a look at my face.
“Are you okay now? Did you at least eat three meals a day? You slept while dressing 
warmly everyday, right? Oh, my baby. Look how big you are now.” Tears escaped her 
eyes as she squinted and smiled.
She stroked my hair as she planted a soft kiss on the crown of my head. “Thank God 
you’re back. I’m so happy,” she whispered, her voice still trembling.
Eleanor was looking curiously at both Sylvie and I while the baby dragon was sitting 
up next to me, attentively observing the three unfamiliar humans.
My father was looking at Sylvie with a curious expression as well, but he didn’t 
mention her. Turning his gaze to me, his eyes softened and he kept shaking his head, 
repeating how big I was now. It must be a pretty fulfilling yet miserable feeling for a 
parent to see how big his son had gotten but not being there with him the whole time 
to witness it.
“Ellie, say hi to your big brother. He was away for a while, but he’ll live together with 
us from now on. Come on, say ‘hello.’” My mother gently urged my sister.
“Brother?” She tilted her head, reminding me of a confused Sylvie.
She cupped her hands over my mother’s ear and whispered something inaudible.
“Haha yes, that big brother. The one I always told stories about. He’s the one.”
My sister’s eyes started sparkling as she looked back to me. I couldn’t help but now 
wonder what stories Mother had told her.
“Hai Brother~!” She beamed, waving both of her little hands at me.
“Hello, Eleanor. It’s nice to meet you… sister.” I laughed, patting her head in response.
Father spoke up now. “Arthur, we were devastated after that incident, and we barely 
believed it when you communicated to us through our heads. Tell me, how’d you 
survive the fall?”
It took a while for me to explain everything from the beginning. I withheld some 
information that I thought might not be good to tell them just yet. I explained to them 
that I subconsciously wrapped myself in a protective layer of mana and I was lucky 
enough to hit a bunch of branches on the cliff before landing in a stream. From there 
on, I told them about meeting Tess and how she was almost kidnapped. After saving 
her, she led me to her Kingdom and I stayed there.
“You said something about an illness that kept you from coming back sooner. What 
was all that about? Are you cured now?” My mother chimes in, a look of concern on 
her face.
Shaking my head, I explain, “You don’t need to worry about that anymore. I guess there 
was a sort of instability in my mana core that made it so I had episodes of pain. It was 
really bad at first, but luckily, there was an elder that knew how to cure it. The process 
was slow but he assured me it wasn’t threatening if treated consistently.”
Relief replaced the prior look of worry and she silently patted my head again.
“So what’s the story with this little friend of yours?” My dad just chuckled, finally 
bringing Sylvie up.
“Haha, while I was traveling, I stumbled into a mana beast’s den. It was only the 
mother and she was badly injured. A little bit after I arrived, she died. While I was 
looking around, it seemed like she was guarding something so I picked it up, thinking 
it was something valuable, but I didn’t know it was an egg. She hatched only a couple 
of months ago so she’s still a baby. Say hi to Sylvie.”
I picked her up, holding her body so her limbs dangled like a kitten’s.
“Kyu~!” she purred, as if saying hi to everyone.
I didn’t exactly tell my family a lie when I said this, but I had already promised myself 
to tell them everything only when I was older and more capable.
I then asked them to update me on everything that happened to them after we had 
separated. The only thing I was able to tell from seeing them through the water 
divination the first time was that they lived here in Xyrus, but nothing more, so I was 
exceptionally curious.
After Father explained what happened since then, my mother chimed in. “That’s right! 
The Helstea family had gone on a trip but they should be arriving back today. They’re 
going to be so surprised when they see you, Art!”
I turned to face my mother. She hadn’t changed much since I last saw her. The only 
thing that I did notice was that she’d lost a bit of weight and was slightly paler in 
complexion. My heart ached since I knew this was caused from stress and depression 
after losing me. Father’s body was actually much more built now. Coupled with his 
beard, he looked a lot more rustic than he had before. I guess working as an instructor 
for the Helstea Auction House guards had gotten him in shape as well.
“Dad. What color is your mana core now?” I asked while Sylvie made her place back 
on the top of my head, tail swishing in content.
A confident grin emerged from his face as my father proudly replied, “Your old man 
broke through from the light red stage a couple years back and is a dark orange mage.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise. At the age of early thirties, my father was doing 
pretty well for himself. The average mage that didn’t attend school usually stagnated 
at the light red stage, maybe dark orange if they were lucky. Of course, it was different 
for the elites who had a much purer lineage and had access to better resources, but 
for a standard mage, my father was doing well.
He then asked me, leaning closer, “I bet you only asked me so you could brag yourself.
Let’s hear it, what stage are you at now?”
Scratching my cheek, I mumbled, “…light red.”
My father had already been leaning forward on his chair, but after hearing that, he 
stumbled completely out of his chair. Even my mother let out a gasp in surprise.
“Holy shit!” my father exclaimed.
“Shet!” Eleanor echoed, laughing at my father falling.
“Honey! What did I say about cursing in front of Ellie?” My mother reprimanded while 
blocking my sister’s ears.
“Haha Sorry. Sorry! Ellie, don’t listen to what your father just said.” He then turned 
back to me.
“My son is still the same genius he used to be. Come on. Have a quick spar with your 
old man.” My father grinned menacingly while clasping my shoulders.
“Dear! He just got home! Let him rest.” Mother pulled me back.
“It’s fine, Mom.” I gently placed my hand on top of hers, giving her a reassuring smile.
“Men! Always trying to fight! Isn’t that right, Ellie?” My mother shook her head 
helplessly.
“Papa and Brother are men!” echoed Ellie, trying to mimic our mother’s expression.
Both father and I laughed this time. It was really good to be back.
We all got up to move to the backyard when I hear the door open.
“Rey! I just heard your son was alive. What the hell is going on?” I see a thin, proper 
man with glasses and parted hair in a suit, sweating, with what I assumed to be his 
wife and daughter running behind him.
“Vincent, everyone! I would like you to meet my son, Arthur! He’s back, Vince! Haha!”
My father wrapped his arm around the man’s shoulder.
“Arthur, this is Vincent, my old friend and the person I now work for. This is his house, 
so introduce yourself before we start wrecking it,” he grinned broadly.
Bowing at a ninety-degree angle, I introduced myself. “It is a pleasure to meet you. My 
name is Arthur Leywin. I’m not sure what my family has told you about me, but I was 
in contact with them a while back. I was also the one that told them to not tell anyone 
until I got back, so I apologize for the confusion. Thank you for taking care of my family 
all this time.” This man was the one that housed my family in their toughest time. As 
far as I was concerned, I owed him and his family dearly.
“Y-Yeah, It’s really no problem. I’m glad that you’re alive and safe.” He adjusted his 
glasses as if making sure he was really speaking to an eight-year-old. “Meet my wife, 
Tabitha, and my daughter, Lilia,” he continued, pushing them forward so they were in 
front of him.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you ma’am, Lilia.” I bowed again, Sylvie introducing herself too 
with a “Kyu!”
Tabitha gave a kind smile in response. “Great to have you in our home, Arthur. Say hi, 
Lilia! Arthur is your age, so don’t be shy.”
The girl named Lilia spoke up, pointing hesitantly at the creature on my head. “WWhat’s that?! It’s so cute.”
“This is an infant mana beast that I’m bonded with. Her name is Sylvie. Sylvie, get down 
and say hello.”
Sylvie leaped off my head and mewed at Lilia.
“Oh my gosh!” Lilia squealed.
“Rey, what did you mean by wrecking my house?” Vincent asked after peeling his eyes 
off of Sylvie.
“We were just on our way to the backyard. Arthur and I are going to have a little spar.
Want to come?” he chuckled.
Vincent sputtered incredulously, ”W-what? Are you serious? Your son just got home 
and you want to fight him? Besides, your son can’t be older than eight. What are you 
going to spar with him for?”
“Don’t let my son’s age fool you! He’s already a light red stage augmenter!” my father 
harrumphed proudly, puffing his chest.
Vincent just shook his head. “Don’t be ridiculous, Rey. Your eight-year-old son has 
already awakened, and he’s gotten past three stages? Even the snobby genius brats 
that get admitted into Xyrus Academy are barely at the dark red stage, and that’s when 
they’re eleven or twelve!”
My father just laughed louder in response before he added, while leading us to the 
backyard, “You’ll see. Besides, I have a little surprise as well.”
We put proper distance between each other on the large grass lot outside.
“Ready when you are,” I smiled, setting Sylvie off to the side next to the audience, which 
consisted of the rest of my family and the Helstea family.
“Be careful, Art! You may be at the light red stage, but your old man is still at a higher 
stage than you!” He pounded his two fists together, giving me a confident smirk.
I spotted Vince, who was still shaking his head in disbelief.
“Come!” my father taunted, getting in an offensive stance.
Let’s see how much my training with Grandpa Virion had paid off.
My body, already strengthened through assimilation, responded to mana much more 
acutely than it had before. Before my father had the time to prepare, my fist was 
already in range of his body.
Even my hearing was more sensitive now as I could hear Vincent mutter faintly, “What 
in the…” along with several gasps by the others.
My father responded immediately as I could sense mana spreading throughout his 
body.
Feigning a punch, I twisted my torso and went for a high kick, but was promptly 
blocked by my father’s left arm.
It was obvious he didn’t expect my kick to be so powerful because his arm flung back 
from the blow, opening his guard. However, before I was able to make use of that 
opening, he used the momentum to chop his right hand at my body.
It was obvious that I was now in a disadvantageous position, but a full previous 
lifetime of fighting had already prepared me with how to counter him.
I took his chop with my left forearm and right palm to soften the blow, and also to 
create enough space for me to slip inside.
My body wasn’t big enough for me to shoulder-toss him so instead, I grabbed his right 
arm and kicked the back side of his right knee.
Losing balance, he fell forward as I used my mana-imbued body to throw him.
Unfortunately, he regained balance too quickly and I had no choice but to put some 
distance between us before he got a hold of me.
“Well I’d have to say you’re better than all of the mages I’ve trained! Your old man’s 
going to get serious now, though! Be careful.” He put on a more serious face. It was 
apparent to both of us that we had both been holding back.
The mysterious fact about mana formed inside the core during the earlier stages was 
that it differed depending on how augmenters and conjurers used it.
While expensive, many parents chose to have their newly-awakened child tested to 
see what element they were most adept at by using a special device. A conjurer’s 
attribute became very noticeable depending on what type of elements they had an 
easier time casting.
For augmenters, however, it was a lot less obvious because most of their attacks were 
focused on using mana to enhance their bodies. However, even augmenters had 
differentiations in how adept they were in certain types of elements. One quick 
example was culmination of gathering mana into a single point and releasing it in an 
explosive attack. While no visible flames were involved, an augmenter who had an 
easier time utilizing mana in that manner would typically be considered a fireattribute mage.
That was only applied in the beginning.
While it differed per person, after a certain threshold in one’s mana core and 
comprehension of the element, he or she could be utilizing mana in a way to actually 
pertain to the user’s attribute. For conjurers, this meant that they could start slowly 
progressing away from the training wheels of chanting and start shortening their 
verses or even completely forgoing it in the element that they were adept at.
For augmenters, it would become much more noticeable because they could begin 
manifesting their elemental attribute instead of manipulating mana in a manner 
corresponding to their elemental attribute.
For example, before breaking through, a fire attribute augmenter’s attack would 
simply carry a more powerful explosive burst, while wind attribute augmenters would 
find it easier to manipulate mana into faster and sharper attacks.
However, upon sufficient comprehension, the augmenters’ element attribute would 
actually influence their attacks physically. Earth-attribute augmenters could learn to 
produce a gauntlet of earth and can even learn to create small seismic shocks by 
stomping their foot, while wind-attribute augmenters could be taught to release small 
blades of wind and create a vacuum effect in their punches, and so on. All of these were 
essentially techniques that mages could utilize upon sufficient comprehension of their 
respective element.
Of course, conjurers still had the major advantage of being able to influence a lot more 
of their surroundings. Their range was also a lot farther, but their weakness was still 
the vulnerability that they had in the process of chanting, and their bodies weren’t 
naturally protected by mana.
Because of these differences, both types of mages that could break the threshold were 
much stronger than mages that couldn’t, and ultimately determined the talent and 
future accomplishments they could achieve.
While conjurers could innately control elements because of how proficient they were 
at absorbing nature’s mana with their mana veins, augmenters were different.
For every one attribute augmenter there was, there were ten that weren’t. There were 
cases of attribute augmenters that never break the threshold and become fullyfledged elemental attribute augmenters. This was where proper schooling came into 
play; with enough guidance from early on, mages would more likely be able to be led 
to comprehension of their elemental attribute.
My father’s two fists ignited, bursting into fiery gloves of scarlet. This control over his 
fire element was novice, apparent from the steam coming from his body. This meant 
that there was unnecessary mana being spread out throughout his body.
I had learned early on that my father was a fire attribute mage, but after reaching a 
bottleneck for years while being a busy father, he was able to reach the orange stage 
and, more impressively, was able to break through in his comprehension in fire. He 
could now be considered an official elemental augmenter, or elemental for short.
I shot him a proud grin, before readying myself as well.
“Impressive, Dad… but now it’s my turn.”
In the world I had come from, elemental augmenters were merely practitioners of 
different sects.
The Earth, Fire, Water, and Wind Sects consisted of their own techniques that utilized 
their element.
What had allowed me to become King in my old world was knowing how to fight in all 
four different practices of the elements. Translate that here and I’d be a sort of quadraelemental mage, if that even existed. Of course, I did have my preferences. My weakest 
elements were earth and wind while my strongest were fire and water. I hardly used 
wind, and even less of earth, except for slight support. No. I was feared in battle 
because of my mastery in the two complete opposite elements of Water and Fire.
While I was training with Gramps, I had tested out numerous theories that I had kept 
in my mind. One thing I had learned very quickly during that time was that I had 
absolutely no talent for conjuring. Grandpa brought over an elven conjurer one day 
when I had asked him to get someone to teach me the basics and I ended up nearly 
killing myself.
Augmenting and conjuring were very different in one sense, and very similar in 
another. An augmenter could potentially have the ability to do what conjurers were 
capable of and vice versa. However, this only came with advanced breakthroughs in 
the top mana core stages as well as a much higher form of comprehension in the 
respective element.
I had thought that maybe I could bypass that fundamental rule and become both a 
conjurer and augmenter. I just regretted that I had to learn the hard way that that 
wasn’t possible. Another theory I had tested was my potential ability as a deviant. 
Grandpa Virion and Tess had both been shocked speechless after they found out I 
could manipulate all four elements, but after four months of trying to see if I could 
control any of the higher elements, I received mixed results.
“Try not to be too surprised!”
Crackling sounds popped in the air around me as my hair stood on its end by the 
electric current coursing through me. Currents of yellow lightning enveloped me as I 
prepared to attack.
“What the…” My father had almost stopped his attack after the shock had left him 
unfocused. Before giving him the chance to recover, I dashed towards him, leaving a 
trail of charred grass and earth behind me. I blinked behind him, concentrating 
lightning into my fist as I went in for a hook.
A frightening explosion occurred as my fist collided with his. While my father had 
managed to block my attack, the recoil pushed him into a nearby tree.
Getting back to his feet, my father imbued his arm in fire before looking at me. We both 
stayed silent, our gaze enough to tell each other our intents. As he lunged towards me 
with a speed fearsome for his size, I readied myself as well. As soon as my father got 
in range, he let out a flurry of precise jabs as my assimilated body, coupled with the 
nerve enhancing effect of the lightning coursing through me, was able to dodge each 
one with minimal movement. Lightning and fire intertwined as I parried and dodged 
his fists, each of his jabs growing faster and sharper; he truly was my father.
I was at a severe disadvantage because of my height and reach and my father wasn’t 
one who’d let that opportunity go wasted. He kept his optimal distance instead of 
carelessly getting close as I did all I could to get in range. As I parried each of his fists, 
I fired small bursts of lightning, slowly whittling down the feelings in his arms. My 
father didn’t notice until it was too late, though; his swings and jabs were becoming 
dull and sloppy. Seizing the opportunity, I ducked under his swing and prepared for 
an uppercut, and just when my fist was about to make contact, my father’s knee 
positioned just below my jaw.
It was a stalemate.
The tension from the spar immediately dissipated as my father clasped my shoulders. 
“Ow!” he let out a surprised yelp.
I still had electric currents surrounding me, giving him a little shock. I smiled back as 
I dispersed my mana, allowing my father to pick me up. While I was able to finally 
break through into the world of deviants, I was still a beginner. I had a lot to work on 
for my lightning attribute magic since this was something completely new to me as 
well. As for ice attribute magic, it was even harder for me at the moment. Using either 
of them required an excessive amount of mana, most of which was wasted on inept 
utilization. I was also bound by a strict limit on the duration of use, with lightning 
magic for about three minutes, and for ice, even less.
While, right now, using lightning attribute magic was more of a liability on myself than 
an asset, in the future, this definitely wouldn’t be the case.
The reason why only very few mages were able to transcend the basic element that 
they were adept in and into its higher form was because the higher form was 
completely different and incomparably more difficult. Of course, while me being able 
to learn both lightning and ice within four months probably didn’t back up this point, 
need I remind you again that I was a complete beginner in these higher forms of 
elements? While my old world helped me gain knowledge and understanding to 
transcend into the higher forms of the elements, my old world experiences didn’t 
prepare me for after I had become a deviant.
As for sound and gravity, I had yet to produce any favorable results. In order to even 
take the first step, a mage needed to understand the link between the basic elements 
into its higher form. After that, the mage’s body needed to be able to naturally 
understand this link and harmonize the structure of the mana from the basic element 
to its higher form. For wind and earth, even if I had somehow become able to grasp 
the link between the basic to its higher form, my body wouldn’t be able to change the 
structure of the mana particles.
My theory held true when I realized I wasn’t compatible to wind and earth in this 
world as well.
The energy from my body was drained and as soon my father put me back down, I 
collapsed on my butt. It was then that I had the chance to finally notice the dead silence 
surrounding my father and me.
My father had always been the type to easily accept facts, and he knew I was already 
some sort of monstrous genius, so me being a deviant didn’t really surprise him all too 
much. However, this hardly applied to everyone else here. The only one that seemed 
fascinated was my sister, but that was simply because she didn’t really get what had 
happened. She was probably used to seeing Father fight, so nothing outside of that 
really registered as odd. Vincent and Tabitha’s faces were both in sync: faces pale, jaws 
slack, eyes wide. My mother had her hands covering her mouth in shock, while even 
Lilia knew that what I did wasn’t normal.
Compared to my father’s excited yet unsurprised acceptance, this reaction was more 
so within my expectations.
“Haha… Surprise!” I threw up my arms, laughing weakly.
“Kuu~!” Sylvie scampered towards me, giving me a concerned gaze, as if asking, ‘are 
you okay, Papa?’
Vincent was the first to speak up.
“D-Deviant!” he managed to spew out.
“My god…” Tabitha just sighed in astonishment.
“So, Art. When exactly did you learn that new trick?” my father asked, more in a 
curious tone than one of shocked bewilderment. He shook his head while ruffling my 
hair.
“Not too long ago, Dad. I can barely control it, though,” I replied sheepishly.
We all made our way back into the living room where we all situated ourselves around 
the dining table.
“Rey… your son. Do you realize the kind of future he has? He’s only eight, but he’s 
already stronger than a veteran B-rank Adventurer,” Vincent said, hardly able to 
contain his excitement.
My father scratched his head. “This is crazy. I thought that him awakening at the age 
of three was already terrifying, but to think he would become a deviant as well…”
“What? He awakened at the age of three?!” Tabitha cried out, bolting up from her seat.
My mother just nodded at this. “Arthur managed to blow up most of our house in the 
process.”
Both my father and Vincent leaned back, sinking in their chairs as they let out a synced 
sigh…
“Papa? Are yoo okay?” Eleanor poked Father in the cheek.
Laughing, Father picked her up off of Mother’s lap, “Haha, yeah. I’m okay, Princess.”
Vincent got up from his chair now and looked seriously at us, arms stretched out on 
the table.
“Rey, how about enrolling your son in Xyrus Academy?”
“What? You can’t be serious, right? He’s only eight!” my father refuted, sitting up in his 
chair.
Tabitha chimed in. “Rey, Alice, I think your child is more than capable of exceeding at 
Xyrus.”
“I thought that only noble geniuses were allowed to attend Xyrus Academy?” Mother 
responded, concern etched into her face.
Excitedly, Vincent voiced out, “I can handle that! I do a lot of business with the Director 
of Xyrus Academy, so she’ll be lenient in the enrollment process.”
“B-But the school fees are much too extravagant for us to handle,” Mother argued, still 
doubtful of the idea of sending me.
“Alice, that should be the least of your worries. We will be glad to pay for the fees. 
Arthur’s talent is immeasurable. Who knows what he can accomplish? Even if we don’t 
pay, I’m sure he’d find nobles that would beg to sponsor him.” Tabitha held Alice’s 
hands in her own for reassurance.
“Ahem! Do you mind if I have a say in this?” People always seemed to forget that the 
person’s future they were trying to decide was right there with them.
“I have just arrived back home today. Can I spend a bit of time with my family before I 
decide whether to go to school or not?” I gave a meaningful gaze to Vincent.
“O-Of course. I apologize. Haha. I guess I was too excited there for a moment.” He just 
laughed weakly before sitting back down.
“Thank you.” I gave the Helstea family a smile.
I turned my head to face my mother. “Mom, where do I sleep?”
“Oh yes! I almost forgot! You’ll have your room next to Eleanor’s, in the left wing. Come 
on, let’s all go up now, it’s getting late.”
Sylvie had already fallen asleep on my head and my baby sister was nodding in and 
out of her dream world while we were discussing my future.
Today had been a long day.
Mother and Father lead me to the room I’d be living in from today onwards. It was a 
lot larger than my room in Ashber, but still decorated in a homey fashion. While the 
furnishings did leave a lot of open space, it worked perfectly since I needed some space 
to train.
As I settled Sylvie down on the bed, Mother and Father sat down next to me.
“We’ll go shopping together tomorrow. We need to get you some clothes.” My mother 
ran her fingers through my hair.
My father squatted down in front of me, grabbing my arm. “Arthur, whether you’re a 
genius or not, you’re still my son, and I’ll be proud of you and love you, regardless of 
circumstances.” His face was unusually serious. It was comforting knowing that they 
would always treat me as their son instead of their “little genius.”
I quietly nodded in return. I thought of revealing the full extent of my abilities, but 
decided that it might be safer to do it in baby steps.
Before he stood back up, he pinched my cheek and gave me an evil smile. “Besides, I 
know you held back on me with your lightning magic today. Don’t think you fooled me! 
We’ll have a rematch soon.”
My mother just chortled at this, “I swear, all you guys think about is fighting.”
She looked at me with a comforting smile in her eyes. “Your father is right, though. No 
matter what kind of genius you are, you’ll still be my baby boy.”
“Haha. Can’t I be your adolescent boy now? I’m eight-and-a-half now, Mom!” I grinned 
back at her.
“Nope! You can’t!” she just retorted before the both of them left my room.
“Get some rest now. Let’s go shopping with your sister tomorrow. It’ll be a great chance 
for you guys to bond,” my mother said before closing the door behind her.
I didn’t even have the energy to wash up. I just plopped into bed, bouncing the 
slumbering Sylvie, who whined at me before nodding off to sleep.
Today was a long day. It was a good, long day.
With a smile plastered on my face, I followed Sylvie into a comforting sleep.
I woke up the next morning to my baby dragon licking furiously at my face.
“Haha I’m up Sylv, I’m up!”
“Kyu~!” She was hopping up and down on top of me, a feeling of excitement radiating 
from her.
I thought of Tess. I had never thought I would miss being woken up by her spartan 
methods. I wonder how she’s doing?
Tess had become my closest friend growing up, and while she had turned a bit fierce, 
she was still the same kind-hearted Tess that worried about me and took care of me 
while I was in Elenoir.
I took a quick shower, dragging my smelly dragon with me. She cried in distress at the 
warm water drenching her, but I didn’t relent, and soon after, we were both sparkling 
clean.
“…Kyu…” Sylvie moaned and plopped down on my bed, exhausted from struggling.
“Don’t complain! Both of us were filthy and we didn’t wash yesterday, either.”
I heard a knock on my door, so I quickly put on the rest of my clothes.
“Coming!” I said, my shirt still over my head.
Opening the door, I looked down to spot a shy Eleanor, looking down, with her foot 
rubbing something on the ground.
“Well hello there, Ellie.” I squatted down so I was at eye-level with her, giving her the 
gentlest smile I could muster.
“G-G’morning Bruhder. Mama told me to w-wake you up,” she muttered, her head still 
down.
“Haha, I see! Thank you very much, little sister,” I exclaimed while patting her head. 
This seemed to get a good response out of her as she started blushing a little.
“Can you take me down to the kitchen?” I asked, holding out my hand.
“En!” She nodded excitedly and while she hesitated for a second, she grabbed my hand 
and pulled me along.
Sylvie followed behind us, trotting while taking a look around at her new surroundings.
I’m met with a pleasant smell of bacon as we entered the kitchen. Inside, I spotted 
Tabitha and my mother cooking something as they chatted. Lilia was sitting down at 
the table already, her legs swinging, obviously waiting for breakfast.
“Good morning, Mom, Ma’am, Lilia!” I announced.
“G’morning!”“Kyu!” Both Ellie and Sylvie echo.
“Ah! Ellie managed to wake you up! I remember having the hardest time waking you 
up, even when you were a baby, Art. I swear, you slept like a log.” My mother chuckled 
as she placed some eggs into a large plate.
“Did you sleep well?” smiled Tabitha as she tossed the bowl of salad she had in her 
hands.
“I slept great, Mrs. Helstea.”
“Hi, Ellie! G-Good morning, Arthur…” Lilia softly said as her voice trailed off after 
meeting my gaze.
I smiled and return the greeting.
Breakfast was great. Mother mentioned that usually, the maids were the ones to cook, 
but she wanted to cook today for me. It had been too long since I had mother’s cooking, 
and I now realized how dearly I had missed it. I made sure to give some of the meat to 
Sylvie, who didn’t hesitate to gobble whatever entered her mouth, including my finger. 
Eventually, Ellie and Lilia both wanted to try feeding her, so I told them to go ahead. 
Needless to say, Sylvie warmed up to both of them a bit more after being fed by them.
“The carriage is waiting out front, so just leave the dishes in the sink and let’s head 
out!” announced Tabitha.
Xyrus was an amazing city. I couldn’t help but stare at the different sights that came 
into view as we travelled down the main road. I could see magic shops, armories, spell 
books, and even beast core shops! There was everything a mage could ask for. Adults 
and children were all dressed extravagantly while luxurious carriages passed 
alongside ours. Some buildings were several stories high, making this city seem a lot 
bigger and denser than Ashber. I could also see children a couple years older than me, 
all wearing similar uniforms—some black, some grey and red. I could only assume by 
their pretentious demeanor that they were students of Xyrus Academy. While 
uniforms in my old world were meant to protect financial backgrounds to lessen 
discrimination, here, it seemed that the uniforms themselves worked as a sort of gold 
medallion that they could show off to the rest of the world.
We eventually reached the fashion district of Xyrus. It was here I learned that shopping 
for clothes with females took a harder toll on my body than training with Grandpa 
Virion, and even the thought of his training regimen had left me in cold sweat.
I was used as a mannequin for each of the girls’ own preferences in style. My mother 
wanted to dress me in simple clothes, while Tabitha wanted to transform me into some 
sort of prince. Even Lilia and Ellie made me try on some clothes.
“You need to look good since you’re my bruhder!” she announced loudly, her hands on 
her hips.
Sylvie could feel the exhaustion radiating from me, so she comfortingly perched on my 
head, as if to gloat.
I ended up with ten different sets of clothes, half from Mother and the other half from 
Tabitha. Both Mother and I tried to stop Tabitha from buying me anything, but she 
scolded us, playfully saying with a wink, “Just think of it as an investment. Besides, I’ve 
always wanted a son.”.
We looked around more after towing our bags of clothes into the carriage. I was 
excited to see the armory. I had really wanted a decent sword to start practicing 
swordsmanship again; it was apparent that my skills diminished after such a long 
break from proper training. The girls didn’t want that, though, and I was forced to go 
into different jewelry and gem stores instead. I guess I would have to visit the armory 
with Father next time.
Eventually, we arrived back home, my physical and mental strength depleted by the 
time Father came back home soon after.
“How was your day, Son?” He chuckled, taking a seat next to me on the dining table.
“I never thought shopping could be so utterly tiring,” I groaned.
As if hearing my complaints, Vincent and Tabitha sat down across from us.
“HAHA! I heard you got beat up by a bunch of women today, Arthur!” Vincent exclaimed.
I just feebly nodded while Tabitha smirked and exchanged looks with Mother, “The 
little prodigy of yours isn’t as big of a deal as I thought he was.” Lilia and Ellie giggled
at this.
“I will admit that a woman’s endurance cannot be matched when they’re out 
shopping,” I just wryly refuted.
My father and Vincent laughed harder at this and nodded their heads in agreement.
The sound of a doorbell followed by a couple of knocks got everyone’s attention.
“Ah! Looks like she’s here!” Vincent perked up.
The look on everyone else’s face told me that Vincent was the only one who knew what 
was going on.
Vincent came back, leading an elderly woman into the dining room.
“Rey, Alice, Arthur, I know you guys said that you want to put off school for later, but I 
just couldn’t hold it in. Everyone. Meet Cynthia Goodsky! She’s the Director of Xyrus 
Academy.”
Noticing the slight twinge of annoyance on my face, Vincent immediately said, “Don’t 
worry, I didn’t bring her here to make you go to school right away. I just wanted her to 
meet you.”
The Director gave me a smile that I couldn’t quite understand the meaning of and held 
out her hand. “Nice to finally meet you, Arthur.”
Xyrus Academy, an institution hailed as the most exalted sanctuary for any of the 
would-be-mages privileged enough to have both the background and talent to enter.
There were several other academies scattered throughout the Kingdom of Sapin, but 
needless to say, the level between those second-rate schools and Xyrus was 
insurmountable.
That was the kind of titan Xyrus Academy was. Those who qualified to graduate from 
this academy were guaranteed a prosperous future and life. It was rumored that the 
top graduates could even become honored guards, instructors or military leaders for 
the Royal Family, and for the King of the entire race of humans on this continent. Of 
course, some chose to go the humbler route and focused on research by joining one of 
the mage guilds. However, it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that students of Xyrus 
Academy were hailed as the true elites, even among nobles.
Now, here I was, standing in front of the said academy’s Director. Normally, any eightyear-old—hell, any person—would be ecstatic to be in the presence of someone so 
affluent, but I couldn’t help but let out an expression of annoyance at the unexpected 
guest.
She was a very tall lady, standing around 1.7 meters, well above the average for 
females here. She held herself in a very upright, poised manner. She wore a simple, yet 
elegant robe of navy blue laced with gold threading. She sported a conjurer’s hat, an 
accessory that looked like an oversized traffic cone, that amplified the absorption rate 
of the surrounding mana but oftentimes came with other functions. Strapped to the 
side of her robe was a wand that was a crystalline white color with a fluorescent gem 
attached. Even my ignorant eyes could tell that this wand was extremely valuable.
Surprisingly, her face had very soft features that reminded me more of a friendly 
grandmother next door than an all-important figure of power, but the aura she had 
around her made her seem fairy-like,her wrinkles unable mask the attractive face that 
she had. The crow’s feet etched on the outer ends of her brown eyes actually amplified 
the attractiveness of her smile when she introduced herself.
“Nice to finally meet you, Arthur,” She said holding her hand out.
What was I supposed to do in this situation? Was I supposed to shake it or is someone 
of power like her expecting me to kiss her hand or something?
I just went with the safe route and shook her hand.
“Err… Nice to meet you too, Director.”
The Director seemed a little taken aback by my introduction.
“Arthur! You’re being rude! I’m so sorry for my son, Director Goodsky. He just returned 
home and is ignorant about formal customs.” My mother pushed my head down with 
her hand while bowing herself, getting on one knee.
Apparently, when meeting someone of high standing, it was customary to get on one 
knee and shake the hand while bowing.
How stupid.
“Kukuku, no, it is quite all right. No offense taken at all. And please, Arthur, call me 
Cynthia.” She let out a polite laugh with her free hand covering her mouth.
“I’m sorry to intrude on you at such a late time but unfortunately, the only free time I 
could make was after my meeting tonight. I hope you don’t mind,” she explained, 
looking at my parents.
“Nonono, we’re thankful that you’d be willing to take the time out just to visit our son.”
My father was the one to speak this time.
By the amount of formality, I had started wondering if this granny could compare to 
Grandpa Virion.
Director Cynthia nodded at this. “True, it isn’t very often that I take a house trip to visit 
a potential student. Otherwise, even with a hundred bodies, I wouldn’t be able to fit 
the time. However, Vincent is a good friend and has contributed greatly to Xyrus 
Academy. So when he had excitedly come up to me about a prodigy that is living in his 
home, I couldn’t help but get excited as well. I must say that my curiosity got the best 
of me. Do you mind leading me to an open space so I can see a demonstration?” she 
continued on, her gaze fixed at me in an assessing manner.
“Can I at least eat din… Ouch!” My mother slapped me in the butt before I could finish 
my sentence.
“Of course! Please follow us, Director Cynthia.” My mother ushered me, leading 
Director Cynthia while the rest followed.
My dinner…
Sylvie, who had been hiding underneath the dinner table from the unfamiliar human, 
trotted behind me, causing Director Cynthia to raise an eyebrow.
“Oh my… What a lovely mana beast. I assume it is your contracted beast, Arthur?” she 
asked me inquisitively while kneeling down to get a closer view of Sylvie.
“Yeah, she hatched a few months ago. Her name is Sylvie,” I simply responded, my 
mother’s hand still grabbing onto the back of my shirt to keep me from escaping.
“I have to say, while it is common for nobles to buy beasts to contract, I have never 
seen a mana beast like yours.”
Shrugging my shoulders, I explained, “I’m not exactly sure what she is either. Her 
mother seemed to be some sort of scaled wolf-like creature. She was already gravely 
wounded when I stumbled into her nest. She was protecting her egg.”
She reached to pet Sylvie but she scampered away and climbed on top of my head.
“Sorry, she’s a bit shy around strangers.”
“I see. Well enough about her. Let us see if what Vincent said wasn’t just exaggeration.
He didn’t tell me much except that you’re an augmenter, saying the rest would be a 
surprise.” She let out a wry smile, making Vincent blush.
We arrived at the backyard and everyone took seats, giving us enough space. Sylvie 
struggled to escape the grasp of my little sister, whom I entrusted her with.
“You’re not going to use your wand?” I started stretching.
“It isn’t very fair of me to be using a weapon when you yourself are empty-handed as 
well, right?” She gave me a wink.
She made a solid point.
I stomped my right foot into the ground and a piece of the ground the size of my body 
thrusted up. My hands were lazily stuffed in my pockets, so I kicked the rock in 
Director Cynthia’s direction.
A wind wall appeared instantly in front of her, knocking up the rock I had just kicked 
high into the air.
Ooh, Insta-casting.
I guess she wasn’t just a director that sat in front of her desk, signing papers.
Her brows raised in surprise by the sudden attack I threw at her, but she quickly 
composed herself. I could tell she hadn’t been expecting an elemental attack from me, 
especially since she knew I was an augmenter.
I willed a gust of wind underneath my feet and propel myself to her.
Her expression grew even more surprised as I easily jumped up three meters into the 
air with the help of my wind attribute skill as a swirling whirlwind enveloped my right 
fist. Using the boulder that had just been knocked up by the Director as a foothold, I 
kicked off it to gain enough momentum to hopefully break through her barrier.
The collision of her our two spells created an erratic current of wind, forcing the 
audience to cover themselves.
The collision blew me back, but Director Cynthia remained steady on her feet. Before 
I was able to recompose myself, the director had already finished her next move as 
gusts of wind swirled and shaped themselves into four twisters the size of small trees.
Without even a visible command from her, the twisters shot themselves towards me.
Gathering wind attribute mana around me, I willed a small tornado to form around 
me, spinning the opposite direction of Director Goodsky’s spell. Using the centrifugal 
force generated by my cyclone, I began spinning along with it, using my hands to 
create blades of wind.
The clash between the four twisters and my cyclone created a small crater, but 
otherwise, didn’t do me any harm besides making me very dizzy.
“Impressive. It seems like I will have to take you just a bit more seriously.”
Instantly, I’m knocked back, my ears ringing and my vision unsteady.
She was a deviant… a sound mage, at that.
I steadied myself, taking a glance at my opponent who was staring back at me with a 
mildly impressed expression on her face.
My head began spinning, trying to think of different possible moves I could take to 
win, but she had me in a checkmate. Suppressing my pride and stubbornness, I took a 
seat on the ground, admitting defeat.
“That should be enough for a demonstration, right, Director?” I rubbed my temples.
“Yes… That is quite sufficient,” she muttered. There was a long pause as she began 
studying me with a newly-found interest.
She regained her senses and made her way towards me when I heard my father’s 
voice.
“A-Arthur… You know how to use earth and wind attribute spells as well?”
“What do you mean, ‘as well’?” Director Cynthia interrupted, her composed look 
turning into a look of confusion.
My mother continued on for my baffled father.
“H-he, my son—we thought he was a fire elemental. He’s a deviant as well that can use 
lightning magic!”
I could hear Director Cynthia’s breath turn short, and for the first time, gave an 
expression of someone truly in shock.
“S-surely you jest… you mean to say that he is capable of controlling three elements?”
“Four, actually. I can control all four,” I cut in. Everyone was going to find out anyway.
This wasn’t something that I could, nor wanted, to hide.
“Earth and wind are my weakest elements. I’m a lot more adept in controlling fire and 
water. I also happen to be deviants in both those elements, although I have just begun 
training in them.”I got up to my feet, shaking off my dizziness from the previous attack.
I wasn’t expecting a sound user so I didn’t bother enhancing my ears. The director was 
quite cruel, though. If my body hadn’t gone through assimilation, my hearing would 
have been quite damaged.
No one responded back to what I had just said, the only sound nearby being the cliche d 
chirps of crickets. It was understandable that they’d be this surprised, but I was 
getting tired of the shocked expressions.
The noble figure that controlled the most prominent school in the continent stumbled 
forward, barely making it to a chair. Then, unexpectedly, she began laughing. She 
started off with a low chuckle, but that soon escalated into a wild laugh of what 
seemed to me like sheer joy.
Finally, turning back to me, she said, “Arthur, If I may repeat, you are a quadra 
elemental capable of controlling two higher elements, correct?”
I’m also a Dragon Tamer, but that’s about it. I wonder how they would react if I told 
them that.
“Correct,” I immediately answered, not bothering to elaborate.
“Please demonstrate.” Director Cynthia’s eyes grew menacing and the once-friendly 
grandmother now had the look of a veteran killer as she raised her hand, the mana 
around her fluctuating.
Suddenly, a vacuum of wind began sucking me towards her as a visible sphere of wind 
formed in her other palm.
This woman…
I willed water into my right palm and a condensed ball of fire in my left. She wanted 
to see so badly; I’d just have to show her.
Combining the two opposing skills together, I created a massive cloud of steam, 
completely enshrouding the both of us from everyone else’s sight.
The cloud of steam didn’t last long against the wind mage, but it did give me enough 
time for me to create a spear of ice. I quickly repositioned myself after throwing the 
spear of ice just as the steam dissipated. As expected, the director easily blocked my 
ice spear just before I was in range to land a fist encased in lightning. However, just 
like before, I was blown away by a powerful sound wave. Fortunately, I had reinforced 
mana over my ears, but there was no way for me to get near her.
“Whew! I must say that I’m thoroughly convinced! You pass, Arthur Leywin.” She 
clapped her hands, breaking the silence.
Getting back up, I dusted myself off. This demonstration had left me with a mixture of 
feelings. I was frustrated on one hand that there were figures I couldn’t even touch, let 
alone defeat. However, for the first time, I began seriously considering the potential 
value of learning at Xyrus. If I could have a professor that was on a level near Director 
Goodsky, my magic would make leaps and bounds.
“Sorry for hiding this from you guys,” I said, turning to my parents. I was a bit worried 
that my parents might be angry for keeping this from them, but fortunately, my father 
took it pretty well.
“My son is the first ever quadra elemental!” He scooped me up by my armpits and 
swung me around like he did when I was an infant.
Suddenly, the traumatic memories began popping back up.
“Please, Art, no more secrets.” My mother just wryly smiled, concern still etched on 
her face.
I couldn’t promise her that, but I’d like to believe it was for her protection, not for my 
convenience.
“Forget a quadra elemental; in this continent, there aren’t even any tri elementals but 
you, Art…” Tabitha chimed in, her voice trailing into a sigh.
“Is Bruhder strong?” my sister chimed in, still clutching onto Sylvie.
Patting her head, the Director nodded. “Your brother has the ability to become very 
strong, little one.”
“Heehee!” She had a proud look on her face, as if she was the one getting complimented.
Vincent’s face was still a picture of disbelief as he still was in the middle of processing 
everything. As Lilia made sure her father was alright, she took a quick glance towards 
my direction with a mixture of astonishment and a little fear on her face.
I didn’t blame her.
My father set me down and I turned to Director Cynthia, giving her a stern gaze—a 
gaze that I knew didn’t fit an eight-year-old.
“Director Goodsky. There’s actually a reason I didn’t hide my capabilities today.”
Picking up on the seriousness in my voice, she nodded in understanding. “I had a 
hunch that you weren’t just brazenly showing off your skills, Arthur. You seemed too 
sharp for that.”
Agreeing with her, I responded, “There are only a few benefits I can gain from 
attending your school. One is learning how to utilize my Lightning and Ice elements.
However, that is something I can learn on my own with due time. No. The main reason 
I would attend your academy, if I chose to at all, is for protection. Right now, I’m not 
strong enough to protect everyone. However, you hold a position of power and 
influence that can provide safety for my family and I, at least until I can gain the 
strength to protect them myself.”
“Arthur! You’re being rude to Director Goodsky! How can you…”
“No, it’s fine, Alice.”Immediately after she said this, the director mumbled a soft chant 
before speaking again.
“Arthur, I believe you hold the ability to make changes in this world. For that, if you’re 
willing to attend Xyrus Academy and become a rightful citizen that will do anything to 
protect his land, then I will abide by any criteria you set.” Director Goodsky’s voice was 
clear and determined.
“Very well, I will learn what I feel is valuable from the classes your school offers and 
train my own powers. As long as you give me the tools and freedom to do so, as well 
as keep my loved ones safe, then I will consider you as an important benefactor,” I 
promised.
Director Goodsky’s lips curves up into a smile as we shook hands. At this, I was 
suddenly able to hear the voices of everyone else again. Looking at the director, she 
gave me wink.
By the confused looks of everyone around us, I could only assume that what Director 
Goodsky had done was make everyone else unable to hear our voices.
Clarifying for everyone who couldn’t hear, I said aloud, “I will abide by our agreement 
when I enroll in your academy.”
“Oh? Were you not planning on enrolling into my Academy anytime soon?” The 
Director as well as every other adult had looks of puzzlement on their faces.
“I don’t plan on entering Xyrus Academy until I would be of a normal age to actually 
attend. No. I’ve decided to enter your academy on my twelfth birthday, a very average 
age for one to enter your Academy. I assume that will not be a problem?” I tilted my 
head.
“Goodness! That’s in a little over three years! Arthur, do you have any plans on what 
to do until then?” I figured Director Goodsky wouldn’t be so accepting on prolonging 
my education for over three years.
I turned to face my parents again, since it was up to them to allow me or not.
I looked up at the night sky, stars shining. Unlike my old world, the lack of bright lights 
truly made the star-glittered night beautiful. Turning my gaze back to where my family 
was, I answered.
“I’d like to become an adventurer.”
“No! Absolutely no way! Arthur! Do you know how dangerous it is to become an 
Adventurer? You’ve just gotten back after we all thought you were dead and now 
you’re saying you want to go get yourself killed out there? No way! Absolutely not.”
My mother was on the verge of tears while she said this. She had never been good at 
controlling her emotions. Eleanor was beside her, clutching onto her leg.
“Mama, don’t be angry. Bruhder not bad a person! Uuu… Mama, don’t cry.”
Director Goodsky had left the manor after my announcement. I could tell she still 
wanted to ask me a lot of questions but we excused ourselves to have a family talk. We 
were currently inside my parents’ room with my mother, standing up in front of me, 
forbidding me to even think about doing anything remotely dangerous.
Father was a bit more rational. I could tell he didn’t like the idea as well, but he couldn’t 
really see any reason for me not to be an adventurer besides my age.
I wasn’t going to debate with my mother. She was saying all of this because she was 
worried, and I could never blame her for that. It was something I had expected, and I 
wanted to slowly ease her into the idea, but the meeting with Director Goodsky threw 
the timing off of everything.
After being silent the whole time, my father finally spoke up. “Honey, let’s hear Arthur 
out at least. I’m not saying I agree to him becoming an adventurer, but don’t you think 
we should at least listen to what he has to say?”
“How can you still say that after what happened that day?!” my mother yelled, 
breaking down into a fit of sobs.
I looked to my father for answers, curious about what she was talking about, but he 
simply shook his head and comforted my mother.
It seemed like a good hour before she had calmed down enough for us to speak again.
I grabbed my mother’s hands. “Mom. I wasn’t planning on leaving tomorrow. I was 
looking forward to spending a few months at home with you guys.”
She was still silent, but her face softened a little at that, and I just gave her a warm 
smile. Sylvie followed suit and began licking her hand.
“After being in the Elf Kingdom for three years, I missed a lot about what I should know 
about this world of ours. I just thought that becoming an adventurer would be the best 
way to gain some practical experience,” I urged, not letting go of Mother’s hands.
“I understand where you’re coming from, Arthur. Although I was a bit older, I was also 
itching to get some real life experience in fighting as soon as I awakened as a mage,” 
Father reminisced. “But your mother is also right in that it is dangerous and 
unpredictable.”
My mother nodded her head vigorously at this.
I stayed silent for a little bit as I pondered.
“Dad. Mom. What if I were to have some sort of guard or supervisor with me? Would 
that make you feel a bit more at ease with this whole idea?”
“…”
“Hmm… You know, that’s not a bad idea.” I could almost see the gears in my father’s 
head wind as he began thinking of potential candidates.
“B-But… I still won’t be able to see you for three years!” my mother began to protest 
again.
Shaking my head, I said to her, “Mom, I’m not going to go on long trips or go on 
dangerous missions to faraway places. I’ll try to come back every few months—maybe 
even more frequently than that, depending on what I do.”
“Bruhder, are you leaving?” My sister wore an expression as if she had just been told 
that Santa didn’t exist.
I started to panic. “Nono, Ellie, I’m staying here. You’ll be seeing your brother a lot from 
now on, okay?”
Apparently, both my mother and father had told Eleanor a lot of stories about me and 
how strong and smart I was. One of Ellie’s favorite bedtime stories was how I saved 
Mother from a bunch of bad guys on top of a cliff and that I got hurt so it’d take me 
some time to come back home. Eventually, I had become some sort of hero to my sister.
I look back at my mother. Her face was considerably more at ease after talking about 
this. I guess she had just assumed the worst-case scenario and thought I wanted to 
slay the world’s strongest evil at the age of eight or something.
“Why did you want to be an adventurer before even going to school, anyways? Wasn’t 
it usually the opposite?” my mother softly muttered.
“Dad’s reason was a part of it; I want to test my skills out in real life situations. Also, 
Mom, I want to at least try to fit in with everyone when I go to school. It would be a lot 
harder to fit in if I began school at the age of eight. I don’t think I’ll be able to make 
many friends with such a big age difference.”
It was a very pitiful excuse, but, for once, my mother gave me a look of understanding.
I guess it was a mother’s worst nightmare for her child to become a loner.
It wasn’t a complete lie because I said it thinking of Sylvia’s dying wish. She had wanted 
me to enjoy life and have a life not just of training. This was a promise that I planned 
on keeping no matter what.
“Besides, I’m going to be here for a couple of months, anyway. Who knows, maybe 
you’ll get sick of me by then and throw me out before I even get the chance to leave,” I 
winked at my mother.
That earned me a thump on the head, but she chuckled as well. “You! You’re just like 
your father at times like these. Thank God you at least have my intelligence.” She gave 
me a big hug, leaving me with a warm feeling that I still wasn’t used to.
“Hey! What about my intelligence?! He was gifted with my adept abilities in fire, too!” 
my father protested.
“Hmph! My son got his deviant powers from me.” Mother just turned me away from 
my father and stuck her tongue out at him.
“Ellie, too! Bleh!” My sister copied my mother and stuck her tongue out at my 
devastated father.
“Sniff! No one is on my side,” he playfully cried, trying to hug his daughter, leaving us 
all in a fit of laughter.
The next day was a Sunday, leaving my father with the day off. Both the Leywin and 
Helstea family were dining together for breakfast. “So, did you guys settle on what to 
do about Arthur?” Vincent asked, half chewing on his omelet.
Tabitha shook her head; “I swear. Sometimes, I have such a hard time believing you’re 
a noble with your horrible dining habits, dear.”
“Kukuku, don’t worry. At least your husband’s better than mine. Remember that one 
dinner party where Rey spit out his food from laughing so hard? I had to use Ellie as 
an excuse to leave the table because I was so embarrassed,” my mother just sighed.
“Cough! Anyways! Yes, after talking about it yesterday night, we agreed to let him 
become an adventurer under some conditions, Vince.” My father just lightly blushed 
as he tried to switch back the topic.
“Oh? What conditions?” responded the curious Tabitha as she cut the omelet into 
smaller pieces for Lilia.
“He’s not going to become an adventurer until after his birthday, which is in three 
months. We also decided on having a guard with him on his missions. Besides that, I 
feel like he’ll be smart enough to manage the rest on his own. Of course, the last 
condition is that he’ll be visiting as often as possible,” my father explained, working on 
the rest of his roast beef.
“Do you have anyone in mind for who his guard is going to be? Heck, is there even a 
guard that is capable of guarding him? I feel like Arthur would be the one protecting 
the guard!” He just chuckled at the ridiculousness of an eight-year-old protecting a 
grown, veteran adventurer.
My mother answered him, looking at my father, “We haven’t really thought of a person 
that fits the criteria. Rey and I thought we could use one of the Helstea Auction guards, 
but we couldn’t really come up with anyone.”
“Can I have more omelet, please?” my sister chimed in with her fork raised in the air.
“I got it!” My father stood up from his sudden revelation, making me almost choke on 
the piece of meat that was in my mouth.
“The Twin Horns will be coming back from an expedition in a dungeon soon. I received 
a letter from the Adventurer Guild Hall that says they should be back within two 
months! It’s perfect! Why did it take so long for me to think of this? We can just have 
one of the Twin Horns look after you. Arthur! You still remember them, right?” My 
father’s eyes shined in excitement.
“Hey! That’s not a bad idea!” my mother said from the kitchen, her voice implying the 
rarity in my father having a good idea.
Handing a piece of meat to Sylvie, who was perched on my lap with her front two paws 
on the table, I responded, too. “Of course I remember them. That sounds like a great 
idea, Dad. Do they know I’m back?”
“No. Unfortunately, I haven’t had the chance to send a letter to them yet. I was planning 
on doing that today.” My father sat back down, scratching his head.
Vincent chimed in on the conversation after finishing off his breakfast.
“Arthur, you told Director Cynthia yesterday that you weren’t going to show your 
powers to anyone until you enroll at Xyrus Academy, right? How were you planning 
on doing that while you’re an Adventurer?”
“Ah, yes. I’ve been meaning to get to that,” I said while picking up a strawberry with 
my fork. “I plan on keeping my identity hidden as an adventurer. I’ve read that there 
were many members of the Adventurer’s Guild that went by aliases, not revealing their 
identities to the public.” Unfortunately, since there was no way of masking the 
appearance of Sylvie, I would just have to do a good job of hiding her. Thankfully, she 
was small enough to fit inside a cloak if the pocket was big enough.
“Mm… I see.” Both Vincent and Tabitha nodded at this.
With that, breakfast ended and we all separated.
Father went to the Guild Hall to send a letter to his old party members while my 
mother and Tabitha went shopping, taking Ellie and Lilia along with them. They asked 
me to come as well, but I politely declined the offer to endure the suffering they call a 
pastime event.
I washed up and headed towards the right wing of the manor, where Vincent’s office 
was.
*Knock* *Knock*
“Yes?”
“It’s Arthur,” I answered.
The door opened to reveal Vincent with a curious look on his face. “Ah, come in! What 
brings you here, Arthur? You’ve never really come into my office before.”
“Ah, yes. There is a certain matter I wish to talk to you about today, which is why I 
visited,” I said while looking around at the piles of documents on the floor and on his 
desk.
VINCENT HELSTEA’S POV:
Was this child really only eight years old?
Shivers ran down my spine at the tone of his voice. Why was I so nervous at the 
mention of a ‘certain matter’ he wanted to talk to me about?
“What sort of matter is it?” I just asked, my face turning a bit more serious.
“I would like your help in obtaining a few items that might be hard to find elsewhere.” 
Continuing, he sat down and said with his eyes looking straight at me, “I need a sturdy 
hooded cloak or robe and a mask that can cover my entire face. It’s imperative that the 
mask has the function of changing my voice.”
It wasn’t hard to figure out why he wanted these items. As the owner of the Helstea
Auction House that attracted even the highest of nobles and even the Royal Family, it 
shouldn’t be too hard to get these items. The mask might be a little tricky because a 
sound elemental artificer would need to be the one to make this, but it could be done.
Yet… why was there such a heavy feeling in this room?
I couldn’t quite place my finger on it…
That’s it!
Why was this eight-year-old child giving off the same pressure as the time I was next 
to the King of Sapin himself?
No. The atmosphere now was even heavier than when I was with the king.
He was clearly asking me for a favor. But it felt as though he was gauging me, almost 
as if he was trying to evaluate where to put me on his list of ‘people to keep alive.’
I had never felt this from him, but that was probably because I had only ever seen him 
with his family.
I quickly replied, wanting to get it over with. “Sure, it shouldn’t be a problem getting 
those things. The mask might take a bit of time, but I’m sure we’ll have it before you 
become an adventurer.”
His slight nod actually filled me with relief. I had nobles that waited in line to introduce 
themselves to me, but this kid…
“Is there anything you would need my help for in exchange? I would feel bad just 
asking for this without any compensation,” eh responded.
I felt a little sweat forming above my brows. “I-It’s fine, really. I owe your father a lot, 
actually. He may be working for me, but the way he trains my guards have really 
lessened the number of problems that happen during the auctions.”
This was the truth, actually. Rey had become an irreplaceable part of the Helstea 
Auction Houses. His leadership and charisma amongst the guards he trained was first 
class. I owed him when he saved my life and I owed him and his family now. Even with 
the generous salary that was well above average and letting his family stay in our 
house, I still felt that it was actually a bargain on my part. Both Tabitha and Lilia have 
been happier now than ever after Rey moved in with Alice and had Ellie. I had always 
been filled with guilt for not being able to spend as much time with my family as they 
wanted, but things were a lot better now.
“Hmm, speaking of training, that actually gives me an idea,” he muttered while looking 
down.
I noticed quite a while ago that, when Arthur started thinking, he had this look… this 
look where his gaze focused afar and his brows furrowed; the subtle crease near his 
lips and the slight twitch of his nose made him appear to be thinking of something 
above what normal human intelligence would be capable of. It was the look of a true 
intellectual. Sigh. It’s hard to believe that he was the same age as my little Lilia.
“Allow me to start training your daughter to become a mage.” He put down this land 
mine as if he was just talking about the weather.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“I had been meaning to start teaching my baby sister mana manipulation soon. It 
wouldn’t be too much trouble to include Lilia in these lessons. I noticed that both you 
and Lady Tabitha are not mages, so it might be impossible for her to awaken by herself, 
but if we start now, I think she’d be able to awaken around the average age,” I said.
My statement was met with silence. I looked up to see Vincent drop the stack of papers 
he had been fumbling with nervously. His face was frozen in place as I could hear his 
heart beating faster.
“C-Can I truly believe what you just said? Can you really allow my daughter to become 
a m-mage?” he asked after a seemingly long moment of silence.
“Sure. It’ll be a long process, but it’s definitely possible. Er… I will have to ask you to 
keep the lessons on a low profile, though. I would hate to be bombarded with doting 
parents asking to make their children into mages,” I just chuckled, trying to lighten up 
the tension.
He nodded furiously after failing to form a coherent sentence…
“Sincerely… there would be no greater happiness than seeing my daughter become a 
mage,” he managed to stammer out, tears on the verge of falling down.
“Great! Then I’ll leave the items we discussed to you! Now, allow me to excuse myself 
out. Sorry for intruding in on your work.”
I walked myself out of the room, picking up the sleeping Sylvie from my lap.
I’m glad that worked out well.
LILIA HELSTEA’S POV:
I’m shopping with Mommy and Lady Alice and Ellie. Ellie seemed a little bit 
disappointed that her brother didn’t want to join us, so I was holding her hand to 
comfort her.
“Hey, Ellie. Do you like your big brother that much?”
“En! But he’s a meanie for not shopping with us. I wanted to dress him up more,” she 
pouted.
“Do you like me better or your big brother?”
After some time of thinking she just responded, “Umm… I like both!”
“Kukuku. Lilia, what are you asking Ellie?” my mom asked, pulling my other hand. 
“Lilia, what do you think of Arthur?”
“Uuu he’s a little scary. How is he so strong, Mommy? I thought kids like us couldn’t be 
mages until we’re all grown up?” It wasn’t fair. I’ve always dreamt of becoming a mage 
and making Mommy and Papa happy.
My mom looked at Lady Alice, “I guess it’s because he’s a very gifted child. But Alice, 
do you really have no problems with everything he told you? I don’t mean to butt in 
on your parenting, but doesn’t it just seem a little too weird? How did he get so 
powerful during this time? You’ve told me that he was pretty good at fighting even 
before the bandit attack.”
I saw Lady Alice shake her head. “Of course I know he’s hiding a lot of things. He 
probably doesn’t know, but it’s pretty obvious when he’s lying. He tends to focus his 
gaze on one point and his voice turns monotone when he lies. It’s pretty cute how he 
thinks he’s being sneaky, actually. Sigh. Tabitha, I know he’s keeping things from us 
and so does Rey, but we agreed on giving him some space until he’s comfortable 
enough to tell us himself. I guess that’s just what it means to be a parent. I know he 
doesn’t mean any harm, so all we can do is just support him until he’s ready.”
“Lying is bad!” Little Ellie declared.
I agreed with her on that. “Yeah, Ellie! Lying is bad!”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I start concentrating on my mana core, distracted by a series of unexplainable sneezes. 
I was getting too impatient with my training. I wanted to hurry up and get to the 
previous level in my past life, but that wasn’t happening as fast as I wanted it to.
The little fight with Director Goodsky made it all too real for me. I was too 
inexperienced and weak. It didn’t really affect me until now, but I wasn’t used to 
fighting the way mages fought in this world. The fact that there was nothing like 
conjurers in my previous world made fighting one a lot more difficult.
My concentration wavered while my mind flashed back to my past life. The scene on 
that foggy night when the orphanage’s head caretaker, the closest thing to a mother 
figure I had, was shot. I was still young at that time, but if I think back now, that was 
probably the reason I had started training like a madman. Head Mother was the one 
that picked me off the streets, giving me a steamed bun. After that, she took care of 
me, taught me how to read and write, scolded me, and taught me basic manners.
I didn’t want to become a king; I just wanted vengeance. I just wanted to be strong 
enough to kill the ones responsible for the death of the person who had taken care of 
me… who had loved me. It was never as simple as that, though. It had turned out that 
the ones responsible for killing the orphanage head caretaker, along with other leader 
figures of the various orphanages, were in the military from another country.
I realized then that no matter how powerful an individual was, he was still just one 
person. I needed authority along with my power. Becoming a king then served its 
purpose. The first thing I did when I was appointed King was destroy that country. I 
bloodied my hands with the corpses of hundreds of thousands of soldiers and millions 
all together. The cruel thing, though, was that no matter what kind of revenge was 
taken, it didn’t change what had happened to her. She still had died an unjust death.
This life was going to be different. I wasn’t going to let the ones I treasured suffer.
Sylvie nudged her wet nose at me, a concerned gaze fixed on my eyes. ‘I’m here, feel 
better,’ was what she seemed to say to me.
Petting her head, I stirred myself out of my unpleasant memories.
I washed myself off, laughing at the crying Sylvie who still hated getting wet. I was glad 
I had her by my side. It wasn’t healthy for me to be alone thinking by myself for too 
long.
Just on time, the girls got back from their shopping trip by the time I had finished 
dressing up. I hopped down the stairs to greet them.
“Hmph! Brother is a meanie!” My sister just puckered her lower lip with her arms 
crossed.
“Is it because I didn’t go shopping with you, Ellie? I’m sorry.” I patted her turned head, 
which made her tense her face as she forced herself to keep from smiling.
“How was shopping, Mom, Lady Tabitha? Did you guys buy a lot of stuff?” I asked, my 
hand still on my sister’s head.
“We didn’t buy much, just a couple of new outfits for Ellie and Lilia,” my mother 
responded.
At this time, I heard a storm of footsteps coming toward us. Vincent arrived beside us 
with an excited look on his face. His eyes were a little red and he had an uncontainable 
smile on his face.
“You guys are finally here!” He said picking up his daughter and kissing her cheek.
“Honey, why are you so flustered? Have you been crying? What is going on?” Tabitha 
had a bewildered look on her face from confusion and worry. Vince did look a little 
crazy right now.
“You didn’t tell them yet, Arthur?” He faced me, the goofy smile still pasted on his face.
Shaking my head, I chuckled, “I just got down as well. I was about to tell them.”
“Tell us what, baby?” My mother had a look of concern as well. Mothers never liked 
not knowing what was going on.
“I discussed with Mr. Vincent about teaching Ellie and Lilia mana manipulation 
starting today. Of course, only if Lady Tabitha is okay with it.”
“…”
Tabitha just shook her head, looking at her husband. “W-Wait, hold on. Is this some 
sort of prank? If it is, it’s not funny.”
“No, ma’am. I know both you and Sir Vincent aren’t mages, but it is possible for Lilia 
to become one.” I gave her a sincere look.
“N-No way. I’ve never heard of a method for teaching someone mana manipulation.
I’ve been taught that it’s up to the child’s innate talent to awaken by herself. Why 
haven’t I heard anyone else teaching kids then?”
Tabitha had a lot harder time believing that Lilia could become a mage than her 
husband. I didn’t blame her, though. Vincent didn’t even question me, which was 
surprising. The biggest worry for a mother from a noble family was the future of her 
children, and in a society where mages are the elites, the Helstea’s lineage, no matter 
how rich they were, would get more than a few looks of pity.
“I’ve never heard of anything like teaching a child mana manipulation either, Art. How 
do you plan on doing this?” my mother quizzed.
“Mom, you guys all know how I awakened at the age of 3, right? I still remember what 
happened and why I did. I’m going to do what I did on myself to them. I’ll have to test 
them before I can even start, but for Ellie, I’m 100% sure she’ll be able awaken and for 
Lilia, around 70%,” I answered. The probability was higher than what I said for Lilia, 
but I didn’t want to get their hopes up too much. There was still a chance she wouldn’t 
be able to awaken.
“Heavens. T-This is… Give me a minute. I need to sit down.” I noticed Tabitha’s knees 
were wobbling as she made her way to the couch.
“This isn’t going to be an instant thing. It’ll take a few years for them to awaken on 
their own after I teach them.”
The Helstea parents just nodded at this and I turned to face the confused Lilia and 
Ellie.
“Ellie, Lilia, can you guys sit down on the floor over by the fireplace?” I instructed, 
guiding them into the living room. “I want you guys to sit in your most comfortable 
position, back to back. Leave some space so I can sit in between.”
Ellie was still a little clueless as to what was going on, but Lilia had gotten the gist of 
what was happening and I could see the determined look on her face. Ellie sat down 
with her legs stuck out in front of her while Lilia sat in a more ladylike position with 
both her legs tucked in on her left side.
“Okay. Before I do anything, I want you guys to close your eyes and concentrate. If you 
try really hard, you’ll be able see some spots of light. Do you see it?” I placed myself 
between them now as Tabitha, Vincent, and my mother all stared intently.
“…”
“N-No… I don’t really see anything,” I heard a murmur from Lilia. I expected as much, 
but I turned to see everyone with looks of panic on their faces. Ignoring them, I turned 
to face my sister and asked her the same thing. I was less afraid of her seeing the light, 
but not recognizing what to actually spot.
Thankfully, she responded, “Bruhder, I think I see a small pretty light!”
The next step involved doing something that only I was capable of doing. I had to will 
mana of all four elemental attributes at once into their bodies. Doing this, they would 
be able to see a lot more clearly the specks of mana that were scattered in their bodies.
“Okay, I’m going to start now. You guys will feel a little feverish, but I want you guys to 
endure it and just focus on the specks of light.” As soon as I said that, I willed my 
quadra elemental mana into them.
The reason that all four elements had to be exerted into them was because the mana 
that had yet to gather and form a mana core was at its purest form, meaning all four 
elements needed to be exerted at the same power into their bodies to trigger any sort 
of responses from the dormant mana inside them.
“Eep!” “Hng!” Lilia and Ellie yelped out a little in surprise.
“I-I think I see some of the lights! They’re so pretty!” exclaimed Lilia.
“Wow! So many!” echoed my little sister.
“Okay, this part is important. I’m going to help you guys with this part, but your job is 
to try and connect all of the little lights, okay? Do you get that, Ellie? Pretend that all 
of the little lights are friends and they need to meet together. Can you do that for me, 
Ellie?” This was the trickiest and longest part and I had to make sure that they 
understood what to do.
“O-Okay! I think I get it!”
“The lights are friends? Okay!”
I remained in my position for over an hour to trigger the dormant mana in their 
bodies, at least to the point that they would be visible enough for them to manipulate 
and gather.
Taking a deep breath, I removed my hands from their backs, instructing them to 
continue gathering the little lights until the lights disappear.
“How is it? D-Do you think Lilia will be able to become a mage?” Both the Helstea 
parents were a mess. They had anxious looks on their faces while Vincent was 
nervously chewing on a fingernail. I looked at my mother and even she had a hint of 
uneasiness in her eyes.
I responded with a wide smile. “Don’t worry, both Lilia and my little sister should 
awaken as mages within a few years. My plan was to do this with them every day for 
the few months that I’d be home. By then, they should be capable of training on their 
own to form a mana cor…”
Tabitha didn’t even let me finish as she picked me up into a big hug. “Oh thank you 
thank you thank you. My baby will be able to learn magic! Oh my goodness, I was so 
worried what her future would be like since both of us aren’t mages. *Sniff* Uuu… 
thank you so much, Arthur.”
Vincent’s face was streaming tears as he kept his gaze on his daughter, meditating. My 
mother patted my head silently, giving me a proud smile.
It wasn’t as big of a deal for Ellie to become a mage since our whole family could use 
magic. The chances of her never awakening would have been slim to none even if I 
didn’t do anything; I was just speeding up the process. I had figured the faster she 
learned magic, the faster she would be able to protect herself.
The two girls lasted a couple of hours before the mana I exerted dispersed out of their 
bodies. Surprisingly, Lilia actually lasted longer than Ellie. She definitely had more 
willpower than my four-year-old sister.
My father came a bit after from the Guild Hall and was ecstatic for the Helstea family 
that they were going to have their first mage in the family.
Picking up Eleanor and rubbing his beard on her cheek, my father just cooed, “Aww, 
my little baby is going to be strong like her older brother! Promise me you won’t be 
stronger than father, okay? Or he’ll be very sad.”
My mother just laughed at this while my sister just giggled, pushing Father’s face away.
“Papa! Your beard tickles! St~op, hehe!”
We had a great dinner party that night. Vincent and Tabitha went all-out on the 
delicacies, leaving my mouth watering and Sylv drooling right next to me. We ended 
the night with everyone merry, Vincent going around offering drinks to even the maids 
and butlers.
The following days had consisted of condensing my mana core and my elemental skills 
along with my dragon will’s powers. This was a mind-numbingly slow process, and I 
felt myself stagnating because of the lack of stimulation.
I spent a few days out of the week sparring with Father, but I could tell he was afraid 
of hurting me, always holding back, even when it was unnecessary.
Besides my training, I spent a couple of hours every day watching over my sister and 
Lilia while they continued their journey to form their cores. It was a strenuous 
process, and I could see my sister becoming a bit more impatient with the training, 
but I did my best to help her through it by making games out of it.
During this time, I got to talk to my mother about her abilities as an Emitter. I asked 
how she was able to learn it and train it when there were so few Emitters and she 
smiled at me mysteriously, saying how a woman needed to have a few secrets of her 
own.
I guess I would have to ask her again when she was feeling less secretive.
Two weeks before my birthday and the start of my career as an adventurer, I was 
startled by loud, obnoxious knocks on the front door. Opening the door, the faces of 
the all too familiar group made my lips curl up.



REYNOLDS LEYWIN’S POV:
I was sipping on a cup of coffee, almost burning my tongue in the process. We had been 
discussing some business plans on the Helstea Auction house and how we were 
currently at the stage of planning restructuring the guard teams. We had recently 
managed to recruit a few long range Augmenters, which made an extremely powerful 
addition to the security. Most Augmenters chose to go the melee route and it made 
sense since it was a lot easier, but ranged Augmenters like archers and crossbowmen 
were much more useful in defensive settings. Vince had asked me if we needed some 
Conjurers for the upcoming event.
“Hmmm… I know how beneficial it’d be to have conjurers that could set up barriers 
and help support the augmenters, but, I’m against it.” I took another sip from my cup.
“You mind elaborating? You just said how helpful it’d be to have them,” he rebutted, 
giving me a quizzical look.
Putting down my cup, I replied, “If we’re just talking about firepower, I’d be all for it, 
but you know it’s not as simple as that, Vince. It would affect team moral having a 
couple of conjurers in a team of augmenters. You know yourself how snobby most 
conjurers are. I swear they think they’re angel incarnates; most find augmenters 
barbarians for using their hands to fight. Even if we do manage to find a few that aren’t 
so rotten, the team would start thinking we’re hiring conjurers because I don’t trust 
them.”
Vince’s gaze was focused blankly on a stained smudge on the table; it was obvious that 
he was thinking. “You have a point. We’ll go with what you say but we need to be 
absolutely sure the 10th Anniversary Helstea Auction goes well. Even the Royal Family 
will be there this time. We can’t let any commotions get too big.”
I simply nodded in agreement, taking another sip.
“Oh right! We need to take your son with us to the 10th Anniversary Auction. He said 
he wanted a sword, right? I didn’t know you had taught him how to use the sword. I 
only imagined you focusing on the infighting style you’re so good at with your 
gauntlets.”
“Sigh. I never taught him how to use the sword, Vince. He already had a grasp of sword 
fighting since he was four-years-old,” I let out, shaking my head.
“You can’t be serious… Lilia was still scared to go down the stairs by herself when she 
was four,” a bewildered Vince sputtered.
I continued, “He apparently learned by watching me train and reading books on 
swords. Vince, that’s not even the part I care about. It’s when we spar, though. His gaze 
when we practice, his reactions and fighting style. I don’t feel like I’m sparring with 
my 8-year-old son. It feels like I’m fighting a veteran sword master. The only reason I 
can handle him right now is because his body is still immature but the way he reacts 
to my moves… it’s something that only comes with decades of experience in life-ordeath fighting.”
“Mmm… I can’t say I don’t know what you’re talking about. I sometimes find myself 
wondering if your son is actually only eight. Are you scared of him, Rey?” he asked 
seriously.
“No. That’s one thing I’ve become more and more sure of. No matter what, he’s still 
my son. I know he cares deeply about his family too and that’s all I could ask for as his 
father.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
During these past two months, it had been evident that there was some progress in 
Lilia’s and my sister’s mana manipulation. I didn’t need to infuse my mana into them 
anymore so they could train by themselves now. Of course, it would still take a few of 
years for them to form a mana core, especially Ellie and her short attention span, but 
I did drill it into the both of them how important it was to keep their training a secret.
I didn’t need to remind my parents and the Helstea parents that keeping this a secret 
was important but I could tell that all four of them were excited for the day Lilia and 
Ellie would awaken.
Sylvie had been sleeping a lot more these past two months but there were changes 
that happened to her. For one, her intelligence was rapidly rising. Her thoughts to me 
were more complicated and contained hints of mixed feelings. In just a few short 
months after she was born, it feels like she’s gained years of emotional intelligence.
One major changed happen recently.
She learned how to transform.
Okay, it wasn’t really something as drastic as transformation, but she was able to 
manipulate her body a little. It felt like it happened so suddenly. I had been pondering 
how to hide her appearance in the days to come when she grows larger. She was next 
to me when she started whining and scratching herself uncomfortably. Next thing I 
knew, her red spikes began retracting while her horns got smaller. It was a mindblowing surprise. Now, most of the time, Sylvie just kept her spikes and horns 
retracted, making her look more like a cute scaled fox with little horns.
Throughout this time, both Vincent and Tabitha had insisted on giving me more gifts. 
Even if I wasn’t able to acquire the cloak or mask, I had been planning on training Lilia.
After all, she’s part of the family that helped my family, so as far as I was concerned, 
there was nothing to lose in helping them. After numerous refusals, we had finally 
settled on something they could get me: a sword.
My body had finally grown big enough to properly handle a small sword without 
awkwardly toppling over at the slightest mishap. It wouldn’t be bigger than an adult 
sized dagger but it finally allowed me to train my swordsmanship with something 
other than a wooden stick. We had decided to make it a family event and have both my 
family and Vincent’s family go visit the 10th Anniversary Helstea Auction.
Waiting in the living room downstairs for my father and Vince to get ready, I heard an 
obnoxious knock from the front door.
Sheesh, knocking a couple times is plenty.
I let out a slightly annoyed shout that I’d get it since I was close by anyway. No need to 
trouble the maids when I was right next to door.
“Who is…? OOF!”
I was hit with the nostalgic sensation of getting smothered by something that feels like 
pillows. A classic way of assassination but shouldn’t it be used while I’m sleeping?
“Oh my goodness! You were alive! Look how big you’ve gotten! Uuu I’m so sorry Art! I 
wasn’t able to protect you! I’m so glad!”
“Mmfph! Mmmfph!”
“Angela, I don’t think he can breathe…” I hear a comforting voice.
“Eep! S-sorry!” Angela squeals.
Peeling my face away, I smile “It’s so good seeing you guys again!”
I start tearing up. Don’t misunderstand… These are tears from almost suffocating to 
death.
My guardian angel Durden pats my head and I see a tear forming in his narrow eyes.
Adam smacks me on the butt. “Little brat! You know how devastated everyone was 
because of what happened? It’s good to see you again Hehe.”
“You’ve gotten better looking Arthur.” I see the charismatic Helen Shard with her 
signature bow strapped to her back squat down in front of me. She lightly pinches my 
cheek and gives me a smile that I swear could make even the ladies blush.
Suddenly, I’m embraced again but this time, I was thoroughly surprised.
*Sniff*
It was Jasmine. That cold, aloof Jasmine! She doesn’t say anything, just keeping me in 
her arms and letting out soft sniffles.
I can’t resist the urge to pet her head to comfort her when she suddenly peels herself 
away from me, her face bright red. She quickly stands back up and turns her body 
away from me.
At this time, Sylvie wakes up from her nap on the couch and trots towards me.
“WOAH! What is that?” I hear Adam exclaim. The rest of the Twin Horns have the same 
expression of surprise and even Jasmine turns back to look at the cute mana beast.
“Her name is Sylvie and she’s my contracted beast.” I say while Sylvie hops on my head.
“Holy crap! You already have a contracted beast?! Do you know how valuable it is to 
have a Bond? Oh man, I’ve been trying to look for a beast to tame these past few years 
but with no luck. The ones that they sell are way too expensive too! Gaah!! Lucky brat!”
Adam is practically pulling his hair out in jealousy.
Bonds, or Contracted Beast for the official term, are highly sought after by both types 
of mages. It is a bit more advantageous for Conjurers since the Bond can protect their 
master while he’s preparing a spell, but it’s also very useful for Augmenters as well.
“What’s with all the commotion down… Ah! You guys are here!” My father, wearing his 
uniform, jumps down the flight of stairs and rushes toward his ex-party members.
He gives all of them a hug before my mother and sister comes down as well.
“Everyone! Uu… So good seeing you guys again!” My mother exclaims. The girls all 
throw themselves at my mother and start drooling over my baby sister, both of who 
are dressed very nicely for the event. My parents haven’t seen the Twin Horns for 
almost as long as me so everyone is just as excited.
“Oh my goodness! Alice, Ellie looks just like you! She’s going to grow up to be so 
pretty!” “…Cute” “Rey is going to have his hands full soon with potential candidates 
kukuku. Can you tell me how old you are?” “Four!”
The girls were a jumble of excitement and estrogen as they ogled at Ellie.
Vincent came down soon after with Tabitha and Lilia. The mother and father duo were 
matching in a black suit and black dress while Lilia was sporting a flowery dress under 
a warm cloak. After everyone introduced each other, it was decided that the Twin 
Horns would come with us to the Helstea Auction house for the 10th Anniversary 
event. On the way there, I filled them in on what happened after the fall. My dad filled 
them in on the basics in his letter but they were dying to know the details. They were 
quite shocked when they learned I was in the Kingdom of Elenoir for over 4 years.
The ride was pretty short so I couldn’t finish telling them everything before we got off.
Vincent sure put in a lot of work. The Helstea Auction house was breathtaking. I’ve 
been to many national and historical monuments that were created by the most 
famous architects but this was on a different level. I suspected that they had a lot of 
help from Conjurers because of how big it was. The Auction House looked like a 
magnificent theatre with intricate designs all over. The main doors were over 4 meters 
in height and were made from petrified wood. Compared to the naturalistic and 
elegant designs that I saw in the Elf Kingdom, this was more complicated and 
grandeur. It was in the shape of a half cylinder with detailed stone sculptures of 
different weapons as supports.
We arrived early so only the workers and guards were there, preparing for the event.
The inside was equally, if not more stunning. The front door opened to a path that lead 
to a stage all the way on the other side. To our left and right, there were rows of 
escalating seats made from high quality purple leather. This place could easily house 
over ten thousand people. Upon looking up, I noticed that there were incased booths 
at the very top of the rows of seats and even further higher, there was room attached 
to the ceiling and back wall with glass surrounding it giving a clear view to the stage.
I guess those booths and that room is for the VIP.
Turns out, that VIP room on the ceiling was the room we’d be staying at. Father and 
the Twin Horns separated from us first to coordinate with his guards. The Twin Horns 
decided to help my father and the guards to prepare for any unwanted commotions or 
outbreaks. Vincent separated from us next, shouting some orders at the workers and 
preparing to greet some of the more important guests
Tabitha led us to the viewing room that was intricately designed and furnished. There 
was a wine rack and a few couches and tables with closer seats by the window. I made 
myself comfortable on a seat right in front of the window.
It was getting pretty loud, as there were crowds of people who were no doubt people 
of some sort of influence, filling the lower seats. There were a couple groups that 
seemed distinguished from the rest that were personally escorted by the workers to 
their booths. I guess they were some of the more affluent nobles in the Kingdom.
During this time, I watched Lilia teach some sort of clapping game to Ellie and both 
were in a fit of giggles when Vincent came back, leading a group of people inside.
The first to come in behind Vincent was an elderly man with long burgundy hair that 
had streaks of grey. His back was ramrod straight with broad shoulders that took off 
years in his appearance. His eyes were stern, with sword shaped eyebrows that made 
his appearance look even fiercer. He was wearing a red robe with white fur around the 
collar and had a cane made of what looked like white gold. Behind him was a lady that 
looked a few years older than my mother. While my mother had the lovely, sweet, 
friendly look, this lady’s facial feature reminded me of an ice sculpture; refined, 
elegant, noble and of no flaws, but was cold and devoid of emotion. She was wearing 
a shimmering silvery white dress that complimented her dark blue hair that draped 
over her shoulders very well. This husband and wife duo looks like they’re the head 
of a mafia.
Behind the wife were two younger kids that I assumed were her kids. The older boy 
looked to be about the age of 13 or 14. He took after his father, with his serious brown 
eyes and straight brows. His short mahogany hair had a shiny luster just like his 
father’s. Despite his fierce looks, there was a sort of allure, like looking at a wild, 
powerful mana beast, scary but striking. The smaller girl looked to be about my age, 
or maybe a little younger. I couldn’t tell.
It would still be a couple of years until she starts maturing but needless to say, the 
potential was there. I couldn’t help comparing her to Tess. They would both grow to 
be captivating but in very different qualities. Tess was the lovely girl next door, with 
her comforting almond shaped eyes that glowed a faint teal. Her sun kissed peaches 
and cream complexion and rosy lips. The gunmetal silver hair that glistened in the sun 
made her eyes glow even more and what made my heart skip a beat a few times was 
when she smiled, revealing her flawless teeth.
No, this girl was the total opposite. Her porcelain white complexion was a canvas for 
her flawless facial features. Her penetrating eyes that seemed much too mature for her 
age was a dark brown shade that appeared bigger because of her long lashes. Her hair 
was a glaring black, which she got from her mother. Compared to her dark hair and 
eyes, her lips were a much lighter set of pink that faintly glistened.
While they were nothing more than children now, I would love to see how they grow 
up to be in the future.
I just shake my head and focus on my gaze on the three guards that followed after the 
picturesque family, while I mentally compared which girl would grow up to be prettier 
in the future.
Stop judging me! Even Kings are men right?
“I didn’t know we would be in here with guests Vincent! Good, good. The more the 
merrier! At least we’ll have some company besides these boring guards right Honey?”
I raised an eyebrow in surprise at the sharp contrast in the man’s personality to his 
appearance. He seemed like a loud, friendly guy compared to his intimidating looks.
“I apologize your Majesty! I assumed you wouldn’t mind having a few other people 
with you. These are my closest friend’s family.” He said, waving his arm in our 
direction.
“Guys! This is the King and Queen of Sapin. Introduce yourself to King Blaine Glayder 
and Queen Priscilla Glayder and their children Curtis and Kathyln.”
“BAH! You know me too well now Vince. We can’t have that now can we!” The King just 
scoffs while smiling.
“Please, you’re about as hard to read as a child’s picture book. I would be more 
surprised if there was anyone who could see you as mysterious.” The Queen just 
shakes her head.
Wow… The King and Queen of the human race.
Mother and Tabitha all kneel on one knee. My mother looks at me fiercely to follow 
her so I just sigh and go on one knee too.
“At ease! Please! Let’s drop the formalities. We’re all important guests of the Helstea 
House here.”
Sylvie peeks out from under my robe where she was sleeping and looks at the new 
faces.
“Kuu?” She chirps with her head sticking out of my chest.
“Oh my! What a cute little mana beast!” Queen Priscilla’s cold face brightens up at the 
sight and she makes her way towards me.
The King and the two children’s eyes look towards my direction as well.
“She just hatched a few months ago. Her name is Sylvie. Come out and say hi.”I respond.
“Kyu~!” She says while hopping out of my robe, head turning as she’s looking around 
at her new surroundings.
“I assume this little mana beast is your Bond young man?” The King comes closer, 
squatting down to get a closer view of Sylvie.
I just nod. It should be fine with Sylv’s appearance the way it is. “How fortunate you 
are to have a mana beast. Even infants are not easy to tame, yet it looks like she is very 
obedient.
“Well we’re able to communicate mentally so it’s more like a mutual agreement rather 
than obedience.” I just shrug.
“What? You mean to say that you guys are under an Equals Contract?”
We all turn our heads to face the source of the voice. It was one of the hooded guards 
behind the children.
“Umm, I’m not sure what that is but she was the one that initiated the contract so I 
think so?” I just shrug my shoulders.
Was it that big of a deal who forms the contract?
“Can I take a closer look at your Bond?” The hooded guard was saying, creeping closer 
to us.
Before I had the chance to decline, the King stepped in.
“This isn’t the time or place to study someone else’s pet. You’re being rude Sebastian.”
His kind gaze turns stern when scolding him.
“Arthur. Arthur Leywin.” I announce, giving another curt bow. We all took a seat as we 
hear a clear voice declaring that the auction would start soon.
I turn a quick glance to see the hooded figure staring intently at the Sylvie who was 
nestled on my lap.
“Ladies and Gentlemen! May I say that it is of the highest honor to be here tonight? All 
of you gathered today are here for one reason and one reason only I presume. It is to 
have the chance in obtaining rare and valuable items in this auction!”
I hear a round of applause in agreement with the old gentleman who seems to be the 
auctioneer.
“If everyone in the audience would now kindly turn yourselves to the back room at the 
top. There, we have a few very important figures. First, please join me in saluting the 
King and Queen of Sapin!”
I see the rows of people down below get up from their seats, all murmuring amongst 
each other before they salute in an orderly manner and start clapping towards our 
room.
The King and Queen step up in front of me and start waving their hands in response.
“Next, the one has made this whole event possible. Please give a big round of applause 
for Vincent Helstea and his family.”
The auctioneer’s introduction is followed by another round of applause as Vincent 
steps up next to the King and Queen and gives a big bow.
I stay seated, looking down below at the crowds of people who are supposed to be of 
higher class than I, but I can’t help but looking at them as if they’re…
No… I shouldn’t think like that anymore. I’m not a King anymore. Hell, I haven’t even 
gone through puberty. No point in acting like someone I’m not now.
I look at the King and Queen, studying them. The King didn’t have a domineering 
atmosphere. Sure he was charismatic and had a strong presence and I can see how a 
majority of the citizens of Sapin could adore him, but that was it. He didn’t earn his 
seat; his father gave it to him. The Glayder family has been the Royal family since the 
founding of Sapin. I wasn’t surprised to see that King Glayder’s mana core was only at 
the red stage.
Turning my gaze over to the Queen, something catches my eyes that I didn’t really 
notice at first. Strapped to the backside of her dress was a white wand. I couldn’t sense 
her mana at all so I guess she is a pretty adept Conjurer.
Queen Priscilla notices me observing her and gives me a slight smile, revealing her 
pearl white teeth. The word beautiful doesn’t seem to do justice in describing her. She 
was a fine woman to feast my eyes on, but one thing I noticed ever since I came to this 
world was that I lacked sexual attraction towards these older women that should be 
around the age I once was before I was reborn. At first, I thought that it might be 
because of the lack of necessary hormones right now in this prepubescent body, but 
the more I think about it, I feel like it may have to do with the fact that my mother was 
around the same age as I was before I came here into this world.
I was never really interested in the human psychology but it is interesting how women 
associated with the same age group as Mother makes them unappealing sexually.
Maybe that was just me. I’m not sure.
Of course, that doesn’t mean I’d go for kids like Tess, Lilia or even this snow princess 
here. They can be the personification of beauty itself, but it doesn’t change the fact 
that their mental level is that of a child. This was the reason I couldn’t see Tess as 
anything more than a friend or a sister to me even when she was so obvious in showing 
her attraction towards me. Maybe when she’s older and more mature, I’ll start 
thinking about it.
Sigh. Being popular is a hassle.
“…kuu” Sylvie is looking at me with a ‘are you serious?’ face and I swear she’s judging 
me with those half open eyes of hers, staring at me blankly.
“Haha…” I just laugh in embarrassment and cover Sylvie’s face with my hands to block 
her hurtful stare.
Vincent nudges my shoulder at this time, making me regain my focus.
“Arthur, a sword is up for auction right now. Tell me if you want it so I can put in my 
bid. Don’t worry about the price either! Perks of being the owner of this place” He 
shoots me a wink.
“Thank you.” I look down to see the item being auctioned off.
“This short sword was forged by a master smith who is also a Fire Artificer, ensuring 
that the quality during the forging process is top class. The core of this weapon is made 
from the core of a Thunder Hawk mana beast. Reinforcing this sword with just a little 
mana will produce currents of shocks on the edge of the blade, enhancing the power 
of Augmenters by another level! The bid will start at 50 gold!”
Soon after, numerous nobles had their hands raised, raising the bid. I just sat there, 
my head leaning on my arm, uninterested. Fortunately, there was a screen that 
magnified the items so the audience in the back could see. Just by looking at the 
weapon, it was pretty obvious how low class it was.
Vincent kept switching his gaze from the weapon to me, hoping I would at least be 
interested in the weapon that most people would drool over.
I just shook my head that was still leaning on my arm.
“No worries! This is just the start! Just let me know when you find something you like.
Oh! I almost forgot. I have the items you wanted in the back. I’ll have one of the 
workers deliver it to me after this event is over.” He just smiles while talking in a voice 
so only I could hear.
My ears perk up at this and I look at him. “You managed to find a voice altering mask 
as well?”
“It took a bit longer than I expected but I finally managed to get one. I also got you a 
coat made from a Nightmare Fox that makes it harder for the wearer to be registered 
in the eye. I thought it would be something you would want so I grabbed that too.” He 
just places a hand on my shoulder.
“That’s more than what I could ask for.” The mask was essential in me being able to 
become an adventurer but the coat would no doubt as well.
“Don’t worry about it and just stay safe. I’m the one that has to deal with your family 
if something happens to you, you know.” He just chuckles and winks.
“Haha.” I just smile wryly at this fact. No. I wasn’t going to give my family a reason to 
grieve again like they did before.
There were a few interesting items along the way. There were several beast cores, 
most of which were B class or lower. The prices for those were astronomical. Even a C 
class core was around 50 gold, and each class multiplied this figure. There were many 
artifacts for both Augmenters and Conjurers.
The King himself bid on a couple of them, winning an A class beast core. It wasn’t until 
a mage actually absorbed the core that they could find whether a beast core still had 
a will or not. Chances were slim to find a core that still had its will still intact and even 
if it contained the will, it had to be compatible with the user. Most beasts choose to 
disperse their will before dying though, or have already passed it on to one of its 
offspring.
I guess the King was hoping to get lucky. The Queen, on the other hand, bid on a mana 
absorption ring and a couple other items useful for conjurers.
I cringed at the sight of noble men frantically bidding on young female slaves, that 
were stark naked, to show their assets. I was fortunate to be around people who were 
above having slaves, which made me ignorant of the horrors that can await them in 
the hands of perverse old men. Most slaves were prisoners of wars between cities or 
children sold by their parents for money, but there were also children forcefully 
abducted by slave traders. My world didn’t have slaves so this was something that I 
just couldn’t get used to.
I could see my Mom and Tabitha having solemn faces at the sight of the slaves, but they 
just shook their heads and focused their attention on Ellie and Lilia. Even though the 
Helstea family was a very prominent noble house, they despised slaves and opted to 
just hiring maids and butlers.
Turning my head, I see the prince murmuring something to the little princess but her 
face stayed expressionless.
This was tedious. Maybe I’ll hold off on getting a good sword for now and just settle 
for a decent practice sword until my body matures a bit.
I get up to stretch when I see that hooded guard named Sebastian still looking at Sylvie.
His hood only covered his forehead and up and from the sight of a cane, I could tell he 
was a conjurer.
Still standing up, I stare at the plebeian. I could tell by his greedy gaze that he had his 
eyes on only Sylv.
After a couple moments, he notices that I’m staring at him as his eyes focus on mine.
At first he looks a little embarrassed but he just straightens his back a bit and looks 
down at me giving me a smug look, as if he had the right to what he was doing.
You dare?
VINCENT HELSTEA’S POV:
It’s a pity Arthur couldn’t find a sword he was looking for. No matter. There are a lot of 
swords in the storage that he may take a liking to.
“King Glayder. I hope you found it worthwhile to visit this humble Auction house of 
mine.” I say.
“This place is anything but humble Vincent, and yes, I’m not sure how you managed to 
secure an A class beast core like the Silvercoat Bear. You’ve got quite the connections 
Haha! I just hope that the Beast Will is still intact.” He clasps my back with his hand.
I hear his wife mumble, “Don’t get your hopes up too much dear. You know how rare 
it is.”
The Queen turns back to talk with Alice and my wife. They seem to be discussing about 
their kids.
We turn our attention back to the main stage when I feel a cold chill send shivers down 
my back.
I quickly turn my body and use my arms to cover my face instinctively.
What is this? This was the most secure place in this building with the King’s guard 
inside as well as my guards outside the room.
My breathing turns shallow as the weight of something tremendous is pushing me 
down.
I feel cold sweat running down my body as I turn to see both the King and Queen in 
similar positions as me.
What is going on? What is this fear… this fear that me feel as if I had no control over
my life?
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Oops.
I quickly look away from the pale-faced Sebastian that lost his balance and was on the 
floor shivering and quickly sit back down before anyone noticed.
I lost control there for a little bit. I just wanted to give him a little scare. I didn’t intend 
to leak out that much bloodlust.
I take a quick peek around to see everyone was either surprised and on guard or afraid 
and on the floor.
Shit.
I didn’t think it would be this bad with this body of mine.
It was the first time letting my killing intent loose. Even when I was fighting against 
the slave traders, I chose not to emit any kind of intent to catch them by surprise.
Some of the King’s Augmenter guards unsheathed their weapons and were on guard 
from whatever the unknown source was when the King spoke up.
“Who’s there!?” He roared while unsheathing a sword he had on his waist. I see Queen 
Priscilla ready her wand, standing in front of her kids while my mother and Tabitha 
were both clutching onto the girls.
Vincent called more of the guards in and had them scout the area for any assassins 
that may be nearby.
It wasn’t until they confirmed killing an intruder on the roof that everyone visibly 
calmed down.
Ooh a scapegoat! Your sacrifice was not in vain random man.
Alice had me in her arms during the inspection along with Ellie who was confused and 
scared by what she felt. The King and Queen were squatted in front of their children 
who were both a nervous wreck. The fierce looking boy had tears in his eyes while he 
was hugging himself. While the princess was trying to stay strong but was shivering.
Fuck.
“Oy Sebastian. How could a royal guard fall on his ass by a little intimidation from an 
intruder? You’re going to die early like this.” A hooded Augmenter holding a spear just 
shakes his head.
“Y-yeah, I just slipped. That was it.” Sebastian grabs unto a hand of one of his fellow 
guards and pulls himself back up.
He looks at me afraid at first but just slaps his cheeks. I could tell he was scolding 
himself for suspecting that I was the one responsible for this.
“Now! For the final item we have up for the lucky fellow fortunate enough to acquire 
this…” The auctioneer’s dramatic voice echoed in the hall as a box shaped item was 
draped by red sheet.
A very glamorous woman was pushing the box as she paused for a dramatic effect 
before unveiling what was underneath the sheet.
Underneath the luxury tarp was a cage that had a dark brown feline infant about the 
size of a medium sized dog.
The auctioneer bellows. “An infant World Lion! For those who are ignorant of this 
magnificent mana beast, an adult World Lion has the capability to be at least become 
a B class mana beast. I dare to say that if taken care of well, this infant World Lion 
could even become an A class mana beast! Do you know what this means? Taking care 
and treasuring this infant World Lion can even allow its master to become a legendary 
Beast Tamer!”
The crowd goes wild as people start shouting bids even before the starting price was 
announced. I can see the King and Queen’s eyes glow and spot the prince tugging on 
his father’s robe, practically begging for it.
Even I sat up from my seat in a little interest. It’s not every day you get to see an infant 
mana beast that could potentially be an A class.
“Ku!” Sylv nibbles on my finger and just harrumphs bitterly, as if saying that infant 
beast was nothing compared to the great her.
“Yeah I know Sylv.” I just smile as I pet my jealous bond.
I can see Sebastian’s figure straighten as he looks more carefully at the infant World 
Lion. Then he looks back at my direction, eyeing Sylvie again.
This guy is pissing me off.
“Now now! I won’t be able to start the bidding until everyone gets settled!” The 
auctioneer shakes his fingers.
The crowd eventually settles before the auctioneer announces that the starting bid 
will be at 100 gold.
10 silvers were more than enough to feed a family of four for a year. 100 silvers, which 
was equal to 1 gold coin was more than enough to feed a family of four for 10 years.
I just shook my head.
This was only the starting price. The price skyrocketed at once, jumping up to over 
500 gold and it didn’t seem like it was stopping.
“500!”
“550!”
“600!”
“700!”
“1000!” I hear the King bellow out with his right hand raised.
The crowd went silent. I could tell that even the ones that could afford to bid higher 
were debating whether it was worth bidding against their own king. It didn’t seem fair 
once the King stepped in, but at least he had the decency to put up a high price.
The price was settled at 1000 gold coins or one 1 white gold tablet. Something I’ve 
only seen in books and pictures.
I hear Vincent congratulate the King, “Seems like no one wants to bid against you King 
Glayder.” He just chuckles.
“Sorry about some of the potential money lost from that Vince. I owe you one.” The 
King has an excited look on his face and so do his wife and son.
“Looks like the royal palace will have a new pet. Do you plan on giving it to Prince 
Curtis?” Vincent probes.
“Bahaha! Maybe! We’ll see how he does.” The King just gives an evil smile to his son 
and winks.
“D-Dad!” Prince Curtis seems visibly shocked by this news and Priscilla laughs, saying, 
“Curtis, I remember you’ve been slacking off on your sword lessons.”
“Ah! Mom! That was supposed to be a secret!” The fierce prince doesn’t look so fierce 
anymore as I see my mother and Tabitha laugh softly along with the Queen.
“Mama, can I have a pet?” Ellie asks, pointing at Sylvie as an example.
“Haha! I don’t know. Mana beasts only want to be pets for nice ladies.” My mom teases.
“Ellie is nice! Right Brother?” She pulls on my sleeve, sending me out to battle on her 
behalf.
I just chuckle and let her pet Sylvie, distracting her.
The 10th Anniversary ended without any commotion and the guards escorted all of 
us to the back to pick up our items.
Vincent handed me a package wrapped in a black bag, which I assumed were the items 
once we got into the storage room in the back of the stage.
“Arthur, follow me to where we keep some of the swords. They might not be anything 
special but I’m sure you’ll be able to find a solid sword.”
Vincent says, leading me with his hand on my back.
“Oh! Are you planning on taking lessons with the sword?” The King questions after 
hearing Vincent.
Vincent just chuckles helplessly while I just respond, “Just something I’m interested 
in, King Glayder.”
The brat… I mean Prince Curtis chimes in with an arrogant voice, “Maybe I can teach 
you how to fight with a sword sometime.”
My father and the Twin Horns arrive to meet us at this time, giving me an excuse to 
ignore the kid.
“Ah you guys are here! How did you enjoy the Auction?” My father exclaimed, picking 
up Ellie after bowing to the King and Queen.
While my father was talking with Vincent, I see Sebastian whisper something into the 
ear of King Glayder.
The King looks a little irritated but he just sighs and walks toward me, with the hooded 
pervert behind him.
“Your name was Arthur correct? My royal guard has helped our family numerous 
times in duty and I do feel the need to do this little favor for him. You see; he seems to 
have taken an extreme fancy to your bond. I know how complicated it is to sever the 
contract but I will get someone to do that and I would be more than willing to pay a 
generous amount for her. What do you say? Can you do this old King a favor?”
I couldn’t help but give the both of them an annoyed face. The rest of the royal guards 
were on standby near the two and were observing me.
“How much would it take to sell your children to me, King Glayder.” I simply say 
without batting an eye.
The King has a surprised look on his face at my seemingly random question. “I hate to 
be rude, but I find it disappointing that a person of your stature has the audacity to 
ask someone to bargain off a family member to them. While I know that slavery is 
considered normal amongst nobles, I find it beneath me to sell off someone I love for 
a monetary value. I hope that this has made it clear that I have no plans on selling my 
bond.” I continue, my eyes never wavering.
“HOW DARE YOU INSOLENT PEASANT SAY SUCH THINGS TO THE KING!” One of the 
Augmenter guard unsheathes his blade and prepares to strike down at me.
The sword that was arcing down, ready to cleave me in half had a faint glow of mana 
surrounding it. Augmenting his sword to attack an eight-year-old… this man showed 
no mercy. The Augmenter guard’s face was unveiled as he charged towards me, his 
hood blown back to reveal a furious expression.
I could see the horror in the faces of my family as well as Vincent’s family. The Twin 
Horns were desperately trying to make their way towards the attacker to stop him 
from creating two vertical halves of me. Even the King had a surprised look on his face 
at the unprecedented action of his guard, while his wife was already frantically 
reaching for her wand.
I look up lazily at the mage about to swing down. Whether it was because he was angry 
or because he was just looking down on me since I’m a child, his attack was mediocre 
at best. I don’t even will mana into my body as I take a step forward with my right foot 
as he’s on his downward swing and reach up to grab the corner between the crossguard and the grip.
Using the momentum of his swing, I pivot my front foot, still holding unto the crossguard while my body is now parallel to the Augmenter. His reinforced sword slashes 
through the empty space my body was at before and creates a small fissure in the 
ground, imbedding the sword. In one quick movement, I give a quick strike at his chin 
that he didn’t bother reinforcing with mana. The force of my upward punch and his 
downward movement while he was swinging created a bigger sound than I imagined 
and I just hear a soft ‘oof’ before he crumbles, passed out.
I glance to see the poor fool called Sebastian grinding his teeth as he’s muttering a 
spell in silent.
SEBASTIAN’S POV:
That impudent brat! He should know his place! When the King asks for something, it’s 
not a request; it’s an order! How dare he not only refuse, but also reprimand our noble 
King! That brat doesn’t deserve his bond! I come from a family of pure Conjurers, the 
elites of the mages capable of bending nature at will. Yet, why do I not have a beast 
contract while that brat has one that can form an Equals Contract at such a young age!
That means the level of that beast is at least an A class.
I’m the one that deserves the magnificent steed that beast will grow up to become!
Yet, he refused me! He refused the King!
I can’t help but grind my teeth in frustration.
“HOW DARE YOU INSOLENT PEASANT SAY SUCH THINGS TO THE KING!”
I see Harry scream while charging with his sword in the air.
YES! Kill that brat! I guess Augmenters do have their uses at times. After the brat is 
dead, I’ll rightfully have that black mana beast.
But before I can even start cheering him, he’s knocked out.
“…”
What the hell?
How did that useless half-wit fool knock himself out?Ugh… I’ll have to handle this myself.
But before I pull out my cane, I see the brat walking towards me.
Is he asking to die? I don’t care at this point. That non-mage Vincent is a close friend 
of our King but I’ll probably just get out of killing some random brat with just a light 
punishment. That mana Beast is worth it.
I’m murmuring a spell silently; ready to blow his head off from his body. He can see 
my mouth move but he’s still walking towards to me?
Cheh! Thanks for making it easier brat. Yet, why I feel like that brat, who’s half my 
height, is somehow looking down at me, as if superior.
You’re just making me want to kill you, aren’t you, brat?
He’s in front of me as I’m about the finish my fire spark spell.
*CRAAAACCK*
“Thud!”
That’s weird, why did I suddenly lose balance?
I look down to see that my knee is bent at an inverted angle and I see my bones with 
tendons still attached, sticking out of my skin.
T-that’s MY leg!
“GGAAAHHHHH!”
“M-MY LEG! MY LEG!!” I’ve never felt such an excruciating pain as great as this before.
Why would a noble conjurer need to exert himself to feel pain?
Why is no one helping me? I look around and see everyone frozen. No, they’re not just 
surprised but really frozen in place. Are my eyes going bad from the pain? I’m seeing 
everything, everyone around me as if I’m looking through in an inverted color.
“…”
“This space won’t last long so I’ll make it quick. I advise you that it would be in the best 
interest of both of us that you stop your hopeless pursuit of my bond. I do not wish to 
make an enemy of our Kingdom’s leader so I am giving you this last chance.”
The boy was speaking in a manner that made me forget he was only eight years old.
The tone of the words he articulated carried power and dignity, pressuring me to 
comply while sending shivers down my back.
He turns his back to me and walks away, taking a few steps before he turns his head 
back.
He’s looking down at me with an emotionless face, with eyes that seem to pierce 
directly into my head like a hot needle, actually making me wince from pain.
No… No, no, no. I can’t breathe. I’m so scared I can’t even feel the pain. I feel a warm 
sensation between my legs as my body just accepts its fate and prepares to die.
He squats down and glares at me with his eyes narrowed, looking at me as if I was an 
insect.
His eyes glaring down at me as if I was an insect, he mouths,
“Know your place.”
KING GLAYDER’S POV:
The reasoning of this 8-year-old child fascinates me more than the implication of his 
message towards the King of this country.
While Sebastian is a loyal guard that has served us for decades, him asking me to tell 
the kid to give up his bond was something that I should’ve never done. Yet I promised 
him beforehand and who would I be if I went back on my word.
Then everything went south. Do the Royal Knight Guards only amount to this much… 
to rush in hotheaded because of a provocation by an 8-year-old???
Even if I didn't bring my personal Templar Knights, thinking that there wouldn't be 
any troubles, I didn't think these fresh trainees would cause this much trouble.
While surprised, I quickly keep a composed face. What’s done is done. If a royal guard 
kills a child, then the public may pity the kid and his family for a couple of days but 
ultimately blame it on the parents for not raising the child right.
It’s a pity that the kid’s family is friends with Vincent. Cutting ties with Vincent may 
turn out to be a little inconvenient in the future.
Yet, I can only raise my eyebrows at the astonishing movements of the 8-year-old who 
quickly knocked out my Royal Guard.
Harry, that fool. How inexperienced is he to not even reinforce his body! He’s only 
giving a bad name to the Royal Knights of Sapin!
“KKYYAAAAAAAAAA!” I bolt my head up in surprise at the shrill scream.
My wife is wide-eyed looking down at something behind me.
How is Sebastian, who was fine just a second ago on the ground clutching his left leg 
that has several shards of bone sticking out, glaring daggers at the boy.
I see him fumble for his cane on the ground, pointing it at the boy, mumbling a spell.
“ENOUGH! HOW DARE YOU SEBASTIAN!” Does this ignorant fool not know that this 
whole dilemma stemmed from his greed for a child’s bond?
I grab ahold of his cane and snap it in half. Sebastian looks at me in shock as If I 
betrayed him.
This pathetic ingrate…
“Stand down! This matter is over.” I growl menacingly at him. He is in the presence of 
a King. No matter how much he’s used to it, it’s best to remind him that I have the 
means to end his life on my whim.
The boy faints now and I see his family and co. rush after him. Settling this incident 
will be rather tiring.
I can see that the boy’s family and friends are struggling to lash out at me.
How wise of them to know their place in front of their King.
“Sigh… I imagine that the boy should be treated so please excuse yourselves so that 
we may settle this matter another time.” I simply say, herding my wife and children, 
while the two pathetic clowns that I was foolish enough to once call Royal Knights 
were picked up by his teammates
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
UGHH my fucking head!
My vision clears and I turn my head to the right and left.
I’m in my room.
“Kyu!!” Sylvie stirs awake almost immediately and begins licking my face. ‘You’re 
awake! You’re awake!’ she speaks to me mentally, her tail wagging fiercely.
“Mmm? Oh you’re finally awake!” My mom had her head in her arms leaning on my 
bed.
“The doctor just said you fell unconscious probably due to shock, and that you’d wake 
up soon. I didn’t think you’d be asleep for 8 hours though.” She pets my hair, giving me 
a soft smile.
I could tell by her red eyes that she was crying for a while.
Dammit, I made her worry again.
“What happened after I passed out?” I sit up in bed, placing the bouncing Sylvie on my 
lap.
“We all left a bit after you fell unconscious. No one was in the right state of mind so the 
King excused himself first. Your father is downstairs with the King’s representative.
They’re in the living room discussing what happened.” She looks a little worried at 
this.
I just nod and get off of bed. My body still feels heavy from using the first phase of 
Sylvia’s Dragon Will so I just walk slowly downstairs with Mother after she checked 
up on Ellie who was asleep in her room.
As we make ourselves downstairs, I hear my father along with an elderly man’s hoarse 
voice.
Upon seeing me, the representative stands up, giving a slight bow, looking a little 
relieved. My father’s back was facing me so he only turned back after he saw the old 
man getting up.
“My son! You’re up!” He hurdled himself over the couch and picked me up.
“Yeah, I’m fine Dad. What are you guys talking about?” I nod.
This representative came by with a few gold coins as a token of apology from the King 
for the “small incident” my father said through clenched teeth.
“The Royal King has also ordered me to inform the Leywin family that both guards 
that tried to attack Arthur Leywin have been stripped of nobility.
“For almost killing my son, the King just flicks them on the forehead and pats them 
goodbye?” My father can’t help but turning red from frustration.
“Father, it’s all right. I wasn’t hurt. Let’s just end this matter.” I squeeze my father’s 
hand, looking up.
The King seemed like a nice character but in times like this, I guess he has his priorities 
elsewhere.
The representative just looks at us matter-of-factly as if it was a given that the King 
did the right thing.
I’m too tired for this shit.
Casting aside that issue, I ask about Sebastian, in case he said anything. “What 
happened to the Conjurer that had his knee broken?”
The representative just shakes his head a little, “We do not know. The experts that we 
have hypothesize that it was due to the ricochet in the mana that the Knight that 
attacked you with hit his knee.
I just shrug at this, looks like this matter is settled.
The old man took his leave after my father was growing impatient with his attitude 
and just gave me a grin.
“Good job knocking out that Augmenter. That’s my son.” He shoots me a fist, which I 
smile and promptly pound with my fist.
“Where are the Twin Horns anyway? I thought they’d be here?”
My mother answers, just chuckling, “We had to keep them away from this matter, or 
else they might’ve turned into wanted criminals.”
I laugh at this, but by the helpless look on my father’s face, it was a genuine worry. The 
Twin Horns were waiting at a nearby Inn. My father told me we would all head out 
there tomorrow for breakfast and discuss me being an Adventurer with them. I nod at 
this and go back into my room. My birthday is in less than two weeks. I’ll be able to 
make my first mark here in this world.
Back in my bed, I look at the palm of my hands, idly thinking about today’s events. This 
was the first time I used Sylvia’s Dragon’s Will. The years of studying Sylvie’s will while 
assimilating it into my body and practicing it for 4 months, I couldn’t help sigh in 
wonder at how powerful Sylvia was.
I was just tapping into the ocean that was Sylvia’s powers. Unlike Grandpa Virion who 
could only get a speed boost and camouflage into his surroundings, I guess being a 
legacy tamer allowed me to access a lot more of Sylvia’s powers at stage one.
What I used on Sebastian was something I named ‘Distortion’. I could basically 
separate myself from the time and space of my surrounding for a brief moment. I can’t 
alter anything else but it gives me the time to assess my situation. Earlier today, I really 
went outside my limit by using Distortion on another person as well. This allowed me 
to get away unnoticed from the King’s eyes for now. I wasn’t strong enough to act 
against him yet.
The limit on using Distortion on myself without backlash is 2 seconds. I used it today 
on another person too and I prolonged it to 7 seconds. Just to scare that bug Sebastian, 
I used up all of my mana and passed out for half a day. Maybe I should’ve just killed 
him.
No. I can’t think like that anymore. Creating meaningless deaths just for my 
convenience isn’t something I should do in this world. I need to be different in this 
world.
I shake head. I have a lot of time. I have to be patient.
I unwrap the package that Vincent left beside my bed to see a pearl white mask that 
could cover my whole face. It was a simple mask with two sharp eye slits that curved 
up, reminding me of a fox’s eyes. There was no nose or mouth hole; just a single blue 
streak that ran straight down the left side of the mask, through the left eye slit.
I tried the mask on, which somehow stuck onto my face without any need of a strap, 
and wore the midnight blue coat, which was a little long. After strapping the coat, it 
suddenly shrunk, fitting my body perfectly.
I couldn’t help getting embarrassed from feeling like a wannabe assassin or vigilante 
of some sort.
“Ahh, ahh. Testing. Testing.” The tone of my voice surprised me. It sounded completely 
different. My once immature, high-pitched voice now had a rich baritone voice.
“Kuu?” Sylvie just looks at me curiously and I just laugh, taking off my getup.
“Aren’t you excited to start getting a little bit action as well Sylv?” I pet her head, going 
to bed while dreaming of the future.
“So… who’s it going to be?” My father sips his coffee and sets it down on the round 
wooden table we were all seated around.
My family just finished eating breakfast with the Twin Horns party at the inn they 
were currently staying at while Mother was currently wiping off the remains of food 
chunks that managed to escape my sister’s mouth.
“Kuu!” Sylvie hops unto the table with her head held high. Even without mental 
transmission, everyone was able to make out that, ‘I’m enough to protect Papa’ was 
what she was thinking.
“Sylviee! Come here!” My sister waggles a piece of meat in front of her, luring my 
legendary dragon bond that was now looking at her, drooling like a starving puppy.
Sigh… I couldn’t help but chuckle at the thought of her shaking her tail at a bandit 
smart enough to lure her away with a piece of meat.
My father’s ex party members just finished a dungeon exploration with several other 
parties so they would have some free time until they decided on taking another 
mission or quest.
Adam spoke up first while polishing his beloved spear. “Babysitting doesn’t really fit 
my style so I’ll pass on this. Besides, I feel like with my personality, Arthur will kill me 
in my sleep one day.”
My father just nods. He knew what kind of temperament Adam had and knew we 
wouldn’t be a great fit.
“I was hoping Durden or Helen would accompany Arthur. Honestly, I can’t offer much 
but Alice and I are more than willing to compensate for doing this.”
“Don’t talk like that Rey, we’re all family here. I would love to accompany him and 
watch him grow anyhow.” The gentle giant responds, looking at me.
“Durden is right. You know we’re not doing this for the money. Besides, we managed 
to get quite a bit of treasures off of our last dungeon raid.” Helen just shakes her head.
Suddenly I see a hand raised and we all turn to look.
“I would like to volunteer.”
“J-jasmine? You want to go with Arthur?” Angela just sputters, while looking at her 
dual wielding teammate. She’s been the one most excited to go with me.
I feel like Angela would be a greater source of danger than the possible threats of an 
Adventurer in more ways than one. I tried to lightly hint that she might not be the most 
suitable but even I was surprised that Jasmine would take the initiative to accompany 
me.
“Hmm… Logically speaking, Jasmine is the most suitable to protect Arthur. Durden 
specializes in offensive area of effect spells. I do want to go with Arthur too but I feel 
that maybe I’m not the most suitable since protecting isn’t really my strong suit.” Helen 
just scratches her head.
“Jasmine, are you really okay with going along with Arthur?” My mother asks, concerned.
*Nod* She gives her a determined look.
“Pfft! The lady says she wants to go. She’s the only Augmenter among us that has an 
elemental affinity! She just reached dark yellow stage last year, and coupled with her 
wind attribute, I think she’ll be the best suited.” Adam just laughs as he rests both his 
hands on top of his head, leaning back on his chair.
“Hmm… For Arthur’s safety, I guess I’ll just have to step down from this. It’s a pity 
though.” Durden just scratches his head weakly.
“Sorry Durden, I know how much you care about Arthur.” My father just gives him a 
sympathetic smile.
“Maybe I’ll join the Twin Horns on a dungeon raid in the future!” I exclaim.
Durden just chuckles at this and gives me a nod as he pats my head. The rest of the 
Twin Horns laugh as we finish up our conversation.
It was decided that in a week’s time, I would go with Jasmine to the Adventurer’s Guild 
and register myself. I should automatically start off at the E class after passing a simple 
test and depending on how well I do on missions or on quests, my class will rise 
accordingly.
Getting back home, I spot Lilia downstairs meditating as a maid places a cup of water 
by her side.
“Uu… Lily no fair! Training without me!” I see my sister rush over and get in a 
comfortable position to start her mana manipulation as well.
As far as I could tell, it would take the both of them a couple more years to actually 
form a mana core, but by the pace that Lilia is going, I imagine that she’ll awaken 
around the average time most children do.
Ellie doesn’t have the patience for training and gets bored after an hour or two so it’ll 
take her a lot longer. That’s fine though, I wouldn’t want her to become a mage too 
early. She’ll attract too much unwanted attention. I’ll be thankful if she can form a 
mana core by the age of 9 or 10.
“Dad, can we go to the Auction House again to pick out a sword? We couldn’t get to 
after the incident and I wanted to start practicing.”
“Yeah, I have a few things I need to tell my team there anyway. We’ll ask for a carriage 
so go on and wash up.”
We met up with the Helstea family in front of the Auction house. Tabitha had a relieved 
look on her face as she asked if I was okay which I just nodded to. I told the family not 
to worry and that I was fine. I could tell that Vincent was less than thrilled by the 
treatment the King had towards all of this, but at this point, just like how the King felt 
towards me, I only felt apathy towards him. He didn’t put into me any sort of 
consideration outside of a less than significant child, which suited me just fine for now.
The King’s representative told us that they stripped the Augmenter and Sebastian of 
their nobility, but Vincent just rolled his eyes at this, saying this just meant that they 
only had to retrain as a Royal Guard and they’d receive their positions back. I felt my 
father clench his fists by the injustice of this all, but I figured something like this would 
happen.
Father went off with Vincent to meet the guards while Tabitha went back to take care 
of Lilia, leaving me to search for a sword on my own.
The back of the Helstea Auction House stored a lot of goods that they traded in, either 
from different merchants and adventurers or from the dwarf kingdom.
There were almost no business transactions done with elves ever since the war over 
a neutral territory reached a stalemate. Over the years, relations between the two 
races have gotten better, to the point of even having a friendly tournament, but it’ll be 
a slow process until the enmity is actually eased. This was a pity, since elf weapons did 
have their advantages compared to human and dwarf weapons.
Something I learned while I was living with the Eralith family in Elenoir was that, 
while both weapons and Armors forged by dwarves were considered the highest class 
because of the race’s innate mastery in the field, elves had their specialties in bows 
and Conjurer staffs/wands.
Most of the enchanted weapons were bid during the event yesterday, so the only things 
left that were going to be sold in stalls later on were regular weapons. I wasn’t looking 
for anything special, just dependable.
Looking at the racks and taking a few out of the shelves to test, I cringed at the poor 
workmanship on these swords. The balance between the blade and the grip was all a 
bit off and most were weapons that relied on just simple swings and stabs.
It wasn’t that they were necessarily bad, but I guess after using a master level sword 
for so long, I turned rather nitpicky about my sword.
Sylvie was nestled on my head, looking at the blades in curiosity.
I went farther in, going past the blades put up in display and into the section where 
the swords were just stored in crates and barrels.
One thing I noticed about the swords in this world was that they fell into a couple of 
categories:
There were the large swords, either the wide heavy swords, or the long claymores.
Many warriors and offensive Augmenters prefer these behemoths but many consider 
them savage and unrefined.
The more balanced swords, seen most commonly used by knights and adventurers 
alike, are the broadswords. These are usually one-handed and are coupled with 
shields, but there are two-handed varieties. These swords provided the best allaround performance and were the standard type of swords.
The last category is the one-handed light swords. This includes sabers, single-edged 
curved blades (which is basically a katana), rapiers and daggers/short swords. Sabers, 
katanas, and rapiers are focused on speed and precision while daggers and short 
swords are often utilized for dual-wield swordsman.
Even if the weapons here are somewhat second rate, I can’t help but be excited, being 
surrounded by what I was most passionate about and proud of being the best at.
Sighing in disappointment, as my effortful digging remained fruitless, I mindlessly 
swing the plain short sword I had in my hand. I decided I would have to settle for this 
sword if I couldn’t find anything else.
I kept walking and soon passed the swords section into the miscellaneous section. I 
could see various unique weapons that were either too flamboyant to be of any use in 
real battle, or simply just inefficiently designed.
Navigating through the aisles, I chuckled out loud when I found something very 
similar to nun chucks. There was even a morning star that was heavy enough that, 
even after using mana, I was barely able lift the spiked head off the ground.
“Whew! Looks like a dead end Sylv.” I just sat down on the ground, leaning against a 
gigantic shield while Sylvie was trotting around, exploring.
“Kuu!” I look up to see Sylv digging through the piles of weapons. I just tilt my head.
I could hear her running around, creating debris of dust whenever she started 
rummaging around.
Suddenly, I hear her squeak an, ‘I found something!’ to me. Getting up, I follow Sylvie 
and she lifts her paw and points excitedly at a black… stick.
It was about 60 centimeters in length and just looked to me like a black walking cane 
to me.
“This wasn’t what I was looking for Sylv.” I say, but she keeps insisting I check it out for 
some reason.
I was surprised by the weight of the black stick, measuring at about 5 cm wide and 2
cm thick.
While it seemed to be made of some kind of hard wood, it weighed a lot more than just 
a walking stick.
I bring it closer to my face, trying to get a better view in this dimly lit place.
The stick had a matte coat to it, not reflecting any light at all, while the whole thing 
was smooth to the touch.
Looking closer, there were intricate indentations that formed a design throughout the 
pole, but other than that, I couldn’t’ find anything special about it.
Sylv is staring at me like she was responsible for finding the lost treasure of Atlantis 
or something as her eyes were sparkling, her tail wagging fiercely.
Sigh… Just to make her feel better, I swing the stick.
“Oh…” I whistle in admiration
The swing was surprisingly smooth and balanced. More so than the short sword I 
picked out as a backup. I inspect it closer again. The weigh distribution seems to be 
too purposeful for it to be just used as a walking stick or a staff.
Then I see it. It was so faint that I barely made it out after I reinforced mana into my 
eyes; even then, I was only able to spot it because I was looking for it.
Even more faint than the indentation markings over the pole, was a small line that 
seemed to separate two parts of the stick.
“…”
This was a sword!
I quickly try to pull the sword out of its sheathe, but it wouldn’t budge.
“Hrrgghhh!” Even with my body reinforced with mana, I wasn’t able to pull the sword 
out.
Don’t tell me this was some sort of Excalibur that I had to be worthy of…
Next, I infuse my fire attribute mana into the sword, but still, no use.
“Grrrraaah!”
After 30 minutes, I realize that elemental attribute mana wasn’t the answer.
…No way… what if…
I activate Dragon Will. I don’t use its power but simply just infuse the Will into the 
sword.
*Clink*
*Shiiiiiiiing*
The sword unsheathes from the scabbard without any form of resistance to reveal the 
blade.
I can’t help but gulp as I set my eyes on this masterwork too perfect to be called an 
ordinary sword.
The blade didn’t seem like a katana to me, as it wasn’t curved at all and was doubleedged. In fact, I couldn’t see the markings for where the edge was shaved down into a 
blade, as if this whole piece was one big edge while the tip curved into a sharp point 
towards the center of the blade. The shape was that of a very thin, very narrow sword 
that was weighted perfectly in my hand, but what made it breathtaking was the 
component and color.
It was a very light, translucent teal green color that almost seemed to generate a luster 
of its own. It was a stark contrast to the matte black sheathe and handle, making it 
appear all the more radiant. The whole blade was semitransparent as I could see my 
finger through the other side, making me question whether it was sturdy enough to 
be used.
I gulped once more. Even in my old world, I didn’t wield something as perfect as this.
What are the chances that I would find a sword meant for Beast Tamers in the back 
alley of this storage place?
Looking at Sylvie, I ask how she knew this was special.
‘I don’t know~ I just thought it was pretty!’ was what she said while she kyu’d, tilting 
her little head.
Taking a closer look at the blade, I can see a small engraving near the grip.
“Dawn’s Ballad W.K. IV”
As soon as I muttered that name, my right hand that was gripping the sword burned, 
making me reflexively let go of the sword.
I look down to see that I had a gash across my palm while blood was stained on the 
handle.
“Kuu!” ‘Are you okay Papa?’ Sylvie trotted next to me, pawing my leg, concerned.
I recall that some extraordinarily valuable staffs and wands had the ability to bond 
with a single user, allowing better manipulation of mana between the weapon and 
master, but I’ve never heard of a sword doing that.
Picking up the sword, I ponder over the man who’s initial was W.K. IV, when I notice 
that the blade shrank in length a little. After a couple swings, I was in awe of how 
optimal the size was for my body’s physique as of now.
Who was W.K. and how was he capable of forging such a sword?
I realize how much time has passed when I hear my father’s faint voice calling for me.
Quickly sheathing my new sword, I run back to where my father was, Sylvie hitching a 
ride on top of my head. On the way back, I made sure to pick up the short sword I chose 
for back up.
“Did you see anything you liked?” Vincent, who was next to my father, asked.
I nodded, holding up the short sword to him, “I found this sword and after a couple of 
swings, I really liked it. Can I take this one?”
Vincent takes the sword from my hand, drawing the sword from its scabbard.“Hmmm,
not the best quality sword but it is solid and won’t break easily. Rey, what do you 
think?”
My father takes a hold of the sword and takes a couple of swings. “The balance is not 
the best but I think it’ll be good enough. What’s that stick your holding though?”
I just shrug, trying to not make a big deal out of it. “Uncle Vincent, I found this really 
sturdy stick in the way back! Do you mind if I also take this back home to practice 
with?”
“Ah that old thing! I remember one of my merchants telling me how some shady old 
man just gave it to him, mumbling something about finding its master. We got a couple 
of our inspectors to check if there’s anything special about it, but it’s just a sturdy, hard 
cane. It’s been gathering dust here so if you think it’ll do you some good, go ahead and 
take it.” Vincent puts a hand on my shoulder.
Success!
****Kingdom of Elenoir****
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“Haaaaaaaaaaa…” I let out an exaggerated sigh as I lean my head in the palm of both 
hands, looking out the window from my room.
I can’t help but be annoyed. How dare he! Stupid Art!
I kick the wall in frustration.
“Ouch!” Stupid Art! This was his fault too!
I’m cradling my aching foot as I feel tears well up in my eyes.
I just got back from Elder Rinia’s house. I had to guilt trip her into letting me spy… I 
mean make sure Art was doing okay.
I guess I should be happy that he’s with his family and everything but doesn’t he miss 
me? He looks too happy! And who’s that girl!? Isn’t Art a little bit TOO nice to her? He’s 
even teaching that seductress how to manipulate mana! He didn’t even bother 
teaching me!
That Arthur… When I get my hands on him, I’m going to give him a piece of my… sigh… 
who am I kidding, I just want to see him.
It’s been a couple of months since he left but after getting used to seeing him every 
day, it feels like years. Maybe I should’ve treated him more nicely while he was here.
I cringe as I remember all of the times I physically abused him.
But that’s not my fault! It’s his fault for being such a thickheaded idiot!
Mama and Papa were happy Feyrith, the noble brat who messed with Art, and his 
sister were able to place in the top 5 during the competition, but I couldn’t care less.
It was just a show to show off our strength to the humans and dwarves anyway.
Grandpa said that the actual Continental Tournament (That’s what the humans 
decided to call it) would happen every 5 years from now on. Does that mean that 
would be the next time I would be able to see Art? I have to wait a whole 5 years?
“Uuu…” This sucks. The only thing that keeps my mind off of Art is training. My goal is 
to become stronger than Arthur. The next time we meet, I want to surprise him by how 
much I’ve grown. Maybe then he’ll see me in a different light.
Stupid Arthur… Even though he’s younger than me, he treats me like a kid.
Even though I’m the older one…
I hold up the water filled orb that Elder Rinia made for me as a present. She was able 
to capture a scene and integrate it into the orb of water so that it constantly showed 
Arthur’s face.
“Uu… Dummy” I can’t help but pout as I poke the cheek of Arthur’s image.
*THUMP* “Young one, I have good…”
“Eeek! GRANDPA! What did I say about knocking?!” I quickly try to hide the orb behind 
me but Grandpa just gives me a sly grin.
“I see you’re using that orb well kukuku.”
“STUPID GRANDPA!!!!” I can feel my cheeks and ears turn bright red.
“BAHAHAHA! Don’t mind don’t mind! I would rather enjoy having Arthur as a 
grandson-in-law anyhow! But isn’t it a little too early for that now?” He keeps teasing.
I just turn away from Grandpa, trying to hide my embarrassment, not knowing how to 
respond to his teasing.
“Don’t pout now! I got some good news for you little one.” I turn my head slightly just 
to notify him that I was listening.
“Hahaha! Now… what if I said that you can have the chance to attend the same school 
that Arthur will be attending later on?”
*Swish*
My body spins back towards Grandpa instantly before he even finished speaking.
“Really Grandpa?! Uuu… You’re not lying to me right?” I grab Grandpa’s sleeve and tug 
it hard.
“Kukuku… Did you tell her, Father?” I see Mama and Papa come into the room, smiling.
I turn to them, “Mama! Papa! Is it true? I can go to school with Arthur?”
“Haha~ calm down Tess.” My mother sits beside me, patting my head.
“Your Grandfather has close ties with the current Director of Xyrus Academy. He got 
in contact with her recently and she was excitedly telling your Grandfather about how 
there will be a genius Quadra-Elemental Augmenter attending her school in three 
years’ time.” My father adds in.
Grandpa just laughs, “BAHAHAHA who else besides Arthur is a Quadra-Elemental 
Augmenter! I instantly knew, but of course I didn’t say anything about me training him.
Fufu~ I plan on surprising her with that later on.”
“Why is he waiting 3 years before going to school? Isn’t he more than fit to go now?” I 
ask, but my excitement keeps me from hiding my smile.
“She said something about him wanting to be an Adventurer.” Grandpa just says.
Mother holds my hand and gives me a smile, “The important part is that, this gives us 
enough time. We’re currently still trying to negotiate terms to have a trial run for the 
integration of the younger generation of the elves and dwarves to attend Xyrus 
Academy. The King of Sapin agreed that the only way to start mending our relationship 
was by allowing the younger generation to form bonds with each other.”
“Little one, you better train hard! Arthur chose to become an Adventurer before going 
to school to get some real experience in fighting as well as go to school at a more 
normal age to try and fit in with his peers. He’s going to be popular, so if you don’t 
snatch, some other lucky girl will.” Grandpa shoots me an evil wink.
“Father, I think that’s enough of teasing Tess now. Look, she’s about to cry!” My father 
just shakes his head helplessly. I could tell my father has mixed feelings about his 
precious daughter being taken away from him.
****Kingdom of Sapin****
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
““““““““HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARTHUR!!!””””””””
The whole Helstea house is decorated as Vincent and his family as well as my own 
family and the Twin Horns congratulate me on finally turning 9.
“Thank you all for taking care of me until now!” I give a deep bow as Sylvie copies me, 
bowing her small head.
The dinner was amazing as the chefs went all out tonight. My mother made sure to 
include some of my favorite dishes, some of which she made herself.
The table was pleasantly loud, as Adam made loud jokes and made fun of some of the 
members with their embarrassing moments while exploring the dungeon.
“Adam, you seem to forget the time when a horned mole snuck up under you while 
you were taking a piss in the dungeon. As I recall, you got so scared you landed straight 
on your back, peeing on yourself like a fountain.” Jasmine coolly said while she was 
sipping her tea, not even bothering to look at the petrified Adam
“PFFFT! I spit out my food as I try to control my laughter.” My father just straight up 
laughed at him while pointing his finger, almost falling off his chair. Even Vincent was 
holding in his belly to try and keep from laughing.
“NOOOO!! Y-You!! I thought no one was awake when that happened?!” Adam’s face 
turned ghostly pale and his shoulders slump at his utter defeat while the women were 
just shaking their heads in embarrassment at the male’s behavior.
All in all, everyone was having a great time. Ellie chimed in, telling us about her 
adventures in learning how to read and write, trying to be a part of the grown up 
conversations as well, while Lilia just giggled and agreed.
After dinner, everyone migrated to the living room where the fireplace was.
“Happy Birthday again, Son. This present is from your mother and I, and of course Ellie 
as well.” My father handed me a package wrapped in cloth while Mother was holding 
back Ellie who was trying to unwrap the present herself.
Opening it, I see a fingerless glove meant only for my left hand. It was black and simple 
but embedded on the top of the glove were 3 white stones.
“Your father hunted the material for the glove and I imbued my healing spells unto 
those three white stones. Each of the stones carries a single use spell. I’m sure it’ll be 
useful to have some safety measures while you go out on missions.” My mother looks 
at me with sad smile. I can tell she still wasn’t ready to send me off.
“Thanks Mom, Dad, Ellie, I love it. This’ll be really useful for me.” I give each of my 
family members a big hug. Putting on the glove, I could tell how sturdy the material 
was, not to mention that the three healing spells would be extremely useful in a tight
situation.
“Ahem! Next is us!” Vincent pulls out a small. He dramatically gets down on one knee 
and opens the box. Inside the box were two silver rings, one plain, and one with a small 
clear gem.
“…”
Uhh… Where is he going with this?
“Honey! Stop teasing the boy!” Tabitha smacks Vincent’s shoulder while he holds in 
his laughter.
“Okay, okay! Arthur, this is more of a present for your family than you but I’m sure 
you’ll appreciate it as well.”
“This ring” Vincent pulls out the plain ring, “Is what you will be wearing, while this 
ring,” He hands the gemmed ring to my mother, “Is what your mother will be wearing.”
Tabitha continues on for him, “Alice, while Arthur is wearing the ring, you’ll be able to 
tell whether he’s okay or not. The plain ring is able to keep tabs on the mana 
circulation that naturally flows in a mage’s body. If the natural mana flow stops, the 
ring you're holding, Alice, will glow red and emit a high pitched sound.”
“We thought really hard on what Arthur may need during his time as an Adventurer 
but Lilia was actually the one that brought up the possibility of giving a present that’ll 
help him and his family. Unfortunately, the rings can’t do much more than that but I 
thought this will bring you some peace of mind Alice, Rey.” Vincent shrugs his 
shoulders.
My mother tears up while clutching unto the ring. “Oh Tabitha, Lilia, thank you!” She 
hugs the both of them in a tight embrace. “Thank you Vincent,” She gives Vincent a 
deep bow while he was shaking his hands, saying how this was nothing much.
I couldn’t help but smile, looking at my mother.
If this ring can free my family from constantly worrying about me, then this was the 
best gift I could ask for, but there was worry in my mind at the psychological presence 
wearing the ring would have on my mother; she’d be constantly checking it.
“Well how are we going to beat that guys?” Adam chimes in. My guardian angel Durden 
walks towards me, handing me a roll of parchment
“You see, we also thought along the same lines as the Helstea family. We couldn’t really 
think of what to give the little monster so we decided on this!” Adam waves his arm in 
a dramatic manner.
“Those two scrolls are sound transmission scrolls! I’m not going to elaborate on how 
expensive this was, because it was EXTREMELY expen… OUCH!” Jasmine smacks 
Adam on the head.
“Cough! Anyways! With this, you now have a one-time source of communication. Just 
infuse mana into the scroll Arthur, and you’ll be able to send a message to the other 
scroll. After the holder of the other scroll receives it, Mama Leywin, she can then send 
the reply! After the reply is sent and the other person listens to it, the parchment will 
then turn to ashes! TADA! You’re welcome!” Adam gives a dramatic bow.
The members of the Twin Horns were all taking turns smacking Adam’s egotistical 
performance but they give my family a warm smile.
I could tell my mother and father’s moods turn a whole lot better knowing that they 
won’t be sending their son off to who knows where without knowing how he was 
doing and what would become of him.
I give each of the Twin Horns and the Helstea family a hug, thanking them for the 
presents. Lilia turned beet red while Tabitha just giggled at her.
Honestly, I already had what I needed, but the ring and scroll will be an invaluable 
source of comfort for my family, which I was worried about the most.
Soon after, my parent’s ex party members all left to go back to their inn. The Helstea 
family went back upstairs when Lilia started dozing off, tired from the long day, 
leaving me with just my parents. Ellie was asleep while cuddling the snoring Sylvie. I 
was already all packed up, prepared to leave tomorrow morning; meeting up with 
Jasmine in front of the house. Tonight would be the last chance to have a real talk 
before I leave.
“Tomorrow is the big day Son. Are you excited?” My father clasped my shoulders. My 
father’s eyes were a little red as I could see him holding back some tears.
My mother didn’t fight her emotions and just gave me a big hug while crying.
“I’ll be fine Mom, Dad. I promise I’ll try to be back home every chance I get. If anything 
happens, you’ll be able to know.”
After talking about my life and the dangers of an Adventurer, my parents ushered me 
back into my room. I plopped into bed and stared at the ceiling, Sylvie asleep next to 
me. I had family and now, I had people who loved me. I had people that cared about 
me for who I am, not for the position I had. It’s a nice feeling and I don’t want to give 
it up. I’ll fight for it and make sure to treasure this emotion that I was devoid of in my 
previous world. For that, I need to better myself. More so than when I was a King.
“Crying won’t work! Shouldn’t you be used to water by now Sylv?”
“Kyuuuuu…” Sylvie finally escapes from my grasp and flees out of the shower, still wet.
“Haa…” I shake my head as I finish washing up.
Wearing nothing but a simple T-shirt and pants, I take one last look at the room I was 
living in for the past couple of months. I put on my glove and ring, packing the coat 
and mask along with a few other necessities into my bag. I strap on Dawn’s Ballad and 
my short sword, both on the back of my waist where I was most used to before walking 
out.
“Trust in Jasmine when things get rough. She may be the youngest but don’t doubt her 
strength and experience as an Adventurer.” My father advises while giving me one last 
firm hug.
“Why are Brother and Sylviee leaving? No! Stay here!” My sister was now struck with 
realization that I wouldn’t be home for a while. She was bear hugging my waist and 
refused to let go.
“Honey, your brother will be back okay?” My mother tries to console her.
“NONONONONONO! Stay!!” My sister wasn’t listening anymore and starts shouting 
while crying.
I kneel down and give her a big hug.
“Can you protect Mom and Dad while I’m gone for a bit Ellie? You’re a big girl now 
right?”
“UUuuu… hic… I can protect them…” I wipe the tears streaming down her face.
“Atta girl. Your big brother is going to be gone for a little bit but I’ll be back. I feel a lot 
better that we have someone strong like my little sister here to protect the house.”
“Eng!” Her eyes still filled with tears, she looks at me with a look filled with 
determination.
Patting her head, I give Mother and Father a hug. “We’ll miss you. Don’t forget to keep 
the ring on your finger okay?” My mother squeezes me tightly.
“Stay safe and know your limits Arthur.” My father gives me one last advice.
Know my limits.
I walk down the front stairs to where Jasmine was waiting.
I wave at them one last time, my sister waving both her hands while she was biting 
her lips to keep from crying.
“Let’s go Jasmine.” I say while putting on the mask and coat.
She nods as we head downtown to the Adventurer’s Guild Hall.
The Guild Hall was not what I expected it to be. A place filled with thugs seated around 
wooden tables downing beer was what I imagined inside my head. Instead, it was a 
marble structure with an intricately designed interior. There were tables made from 
metal where I could see other Adventurers giving us a passing glance. The whole place 
had a luxury hotel-like de cor that didn’t suit some of the more barbarian-looking 
Adventurers here but I just kept walking.
“Welcome! How can I help you two?” The front lady gives me a professional smile.
Before I say anything, I see Jasmine slide something towards the clerk lady.
“I would like to sponsor him to take a rank examination.”Her face remains expressionless 
as she says this.
“Y-yes! I understand.” Nodding several times before handing back whatever Jasmine 
passed to her.
“Please, come over this way.” She guides us towards the back door
*Murmur* *murmur*
“Oy, there’s someone taking a rank examination.” I hear whispers around us from the 
Adventurers seated.
I keep my questions to myself for now as we follow the clerk. Passing through the door, 
we’re inside a small room with two couches facing each other. On the far end of the 
room is a desk facing the door with a slender man seated, his head down.
“Hmm?”
The man looks up revealing an angular face. The man had black hair parted down the 
center that reached his shoulders. His glasses were thick and frameless, giving his 
narrow eyes an even sharper look.
The clerk next to us gives the man a deep bow before explaining, “A Class Adventurer 
Jasmine Flamesworth has requested this err… gentleman to take the rank 
examination.”
“Ah! Miss Flamesworth. How are you doing these days? I met with your father not too 
long ago…” The slender man gets up from his desk, walking towards us.
I turn to look at Jasmine as she gives him a silent, curt bow. I raise an eyebrow when I 
notice that her fists are clenched at the mention of her father.
“Cough… Anyway, it is a pleasure to meet you! My name is Kaspian Bladeheart and I 
am in charge of this branch. You must be a friend of Miss Flamesworth. Is there a name 
I can address you by?” He casts his studying gaze at the masked figure that had a small 
reptilian kitten on his head.
“Kuu!” Sylvie answers for me.
I made Sylvie go into her original form during my time as an Adventurer, so her horns 
protruded out more and her red spikes were visible.
“Please just call me Note.” This was the identity I was going to go by from now on. I got 
the idea from looking at my mask. The blue streak that went through the left eye slit 
reminded me of a single half note.
Kaspian does a quick double take when he noticed Sylvie, but other than that, he 
doesn’t mind the small beast on my head. Seeing mana beasts doesn’t seem to surprise 
him because of his line of work. “Yes! Well… Sir Note, we will proceed with Miss 
Flamesworth here as your sponsor. Do you know how this will work?”
Shaking my head, I let him explain. “An Adventurer of B class or higher has the power 
to sponsor a new Adventurer to an examination. Depending on how well you do, this 
exam will give you the opportunity to be placed into a suitable rank. The rank exam 
will consist of only a practical portion. Now, judging by your weapons, I can assume 
that you are a Fighter or Augmenter yes?” He looks quizzically at the black stick tied 
to my waist below my short sword.
“Yes.”
“Okay! Usually there would be a quick application along with an inspection of your 
mana core before the exam but since it is Miss Flamesworth here sponsoring you, I 
will just waive that. Mary, take these two to the examination hall.” He ushers us 
towards another door.
“Y-yes! Please, Mr. Note, Miss Flamesworth, right this way.”
I look at Jasmine through my mask as we walk through a long corridor. Is this why she 
wanted to be the one to follow me? What was the Flamesworth house?
I squint as my eyes try to adjust to the brightness change from the dark passage. We 
were inside a brightly lit, indoor, dirt-floored coliseum. The seats were just 
exaggerated stairs that were mostly empty except for around 10 people sitting in 
random spots. On the stage at the bottom were two Augmenters fighting.
“Please follow me to your seats. There are a couple other exam takers today so please 
stay seated around here until the examiner calls your name.” The clerk gave us one 
last bow before walking back down the rows of stone seats.
I lean forward after I put Sylvie down between to Jasmine and I. Jasmine just leans 
back with her arms crossed.
“Haa!” A large mage with a shaved head swinging the polearm was at a disadvantage 
as the opponent he was versing, a man of average build and short black hair and a scar 
down his cheek, was easily dodging all of the clumsy swings.
The scarred man looked bored, as he didn’t even bother using the broadsword he had 
in his right hand.
“Take this!” Daring to announce his next attack meant he was either confident or he 
was just an amateur. In this case, it looked to be the latter.
The polearm he held high above his head suddenly glowed a dim orange as a heat wave 
surrounded his weapon.
The scarred man raised an eyebrow in slight surprise but otherwise remained the 
same.
“Hell Smash!” He bellowed as he swung down. Just like how Conjurers chant spells to 
focus their intent, many Augmenters also choose to do something similar, like 
vocalizing the name of their move. However, for such a simple move, it seemed 
unnecessary.
Shaking his head, the scarred man held up his broadsword.
*CLANG*
The polearm was flung up into the air as the shocked examinee just looked at his 
empty hands.
“Your skills as a polearm wielder is nonexistent and your battle senses are lousy… and 
that’s me being nice. You depend too much on physical strength compared to your 
mana reinforcement, throwing your attack’s balance off. It says your age is 35 but 
you’re now only at the dark orange stage. I would normally put someone of your 
caliber at E class but seeing how you have a fire affinity, if that little heater move you 
just did can even be called fire, I’ll pass you as a D class… barely.
I nod in agreement at the scarred examiner’s assessment.
“NEXT! DIANE WHITEHALL!” The man bellows as the bald man dispiritingly walks 
back up into the rows of seats, picking up his polearm along the way.
“Yes! Coming!” A woman on the other side of the stadium hurries down from the seats, 
almost stumbling along the way.
She was a freckled girl that looked to be well into her teens. She had her curly brown 
hair tied back and was wearing the standard conjurer’s robe. She fumbled with her 
wand, almost dropping it while trying to get it out from her robe pocket.
I hear snickers and giggles around the stadium from the scarce audience.
“Pfft! This should be good!” I look to my left at the sound of the voice, to see a boy 
laughing and pointing at the girl down at the stage.
He didn’t look much older than me, which surprised me. His attire was that of a 
noble’s. He had medium length blond hair that covered his forehead and ears with dull 
green eyes. I had to admit he was a good-looking boy, and by his cocky demeanor, I’m 
sure he knew that too. By his side was a white wooden staff that was taller than him.
Embedded at the very top of the staff was a large ruby colored gem.
I just turn my head back towards the stage.
The scarred examiner was sitting down at the stage while a woman wearing the 
typical oversized hat used by many Conjurers in the shape of a pointed sun hat, 
replaced him. It didn’t surprise me that there were separate instructors for each type 
of mage.
The pale instructor with small, thin eyes wearing a yellow conjurer’s robe that 
matched her hat coughed to get the audience to quiet down.
“Ahem! Diane Whitehall, age 18, a Conjurer at the light orange stage with a single 
specialization in water. Let us begin.” She threw the notepad towards the scarred 
examiner and held up her grey staff.
Once a Conjurer reached the orange stage, almost everyone chose to focus solely on 
the element they were best at instead of wasting time trying to be adept at all 4 
elements. Single specialization, in her case, meant that she only focused on water 
spells. Dual specialization and up, there would be a strict test to see if you really are 
adept at both elements.
Instantly, the freckled examinee murmurs a spell and a bubble of water surrounds her.
The basics of battling as a Conjurer is setting up a defensive spell. They do this since 
most don’t have the ability to reinforce their body with mana.
She had the fundamentals down at least.
The examiner, however, doesn’t cast a defensive spell but instead chooses to go on the 
offensive.
“Sandstorm!” The pale examiner shouts as a gale of sand forms around the freckled 
girl and her water bubble.
The sand mixes in with the water and a bit after it’s turned into mud.
“Release!” The now mud bubble bursts as the examinee cancels her spell. Jumping 
back, she muttered another spell while a pressured ball of water was forming on the 
tip of her wand.
“Aqua cannon!” She yells as the ball of water shoots out in a blazing speed towards the 
examiner.
The examiner catches me by surprise as she quickly dodges the water ball instead of 
blocking it with a spell. Thinking back, this was the first time watching a fight between 
two Conjurers. This fight would be a good way to see how Conjurers fight compared 
to Augmenters.
“BURST!” The freckled teen screams while she swings her wand down.
*BOOM*
The noble boy that oddly reminds me of Feyfey from the elf Kingdom leans forward, 
intensely watching the fight. I could tell that he was a little surprised by the clumsy 
girl’s skills.
I turned to Jasmine. “She’s not bad.” She mumbles to me.
The stadium is covered in a small dust cloud that covered the instructor from view.
The dust soon clears up to reveal that no one was there.
Suddenly, the examiner pops up from the ground behind Diane and her staff lightly 
thumps the top of the examinee’s head.
“EEK!” Diane jumps forward in surprise.
“I must say… your control is quite decent Miss Whitehall. You were a little overconfident 
in your last spell, not preparing any defensive measures, but overall, the efficiency in 
mana control and cast speed was good. C class!”
Diane gives a sigh of relief. Being a C class Adventurer at her age is a feat she can be 
proud of.
“Next! Elijah Knight!” The Conjurer examiner announces
“Here…” A couple rows away to my right, a boy that looked even younger than the 
blonde noble, stood up. He looked like a very serious lad, with short trim jet-black hair 
that came down to cover half of his forehead. He wore a very serious expression 
underneath his framed glasses that made him look more mature than his actual age.
He wore a simple beige long sleeve and black pants and didn’t have any sort of 
weapons on him. I half expected him to be an Augmenter but by the fact that the 
examiner didn’t switch out meant otherwise.
Suddenly a clerk runs up to the examiner and whispers something inaudible to her 
ear.
The pale-faced examiner’s thin eyes widen before she quickly regains her composure
“Elijah Knight, age 10… Ahem. I was just notified of your special status. As of now, you 
are a B class Adventurer.”
B class at his age and he didn’t even need to get tested?
I could see looks of disbelief on everyone’s face. Even the Augmenter examiner’s face 
was in surprise.
The serious boy just bows and sits back down.
“Next! Lucas Wykes!” She continues.
“Hmph! Guess it’s finally my turn!” He jumps up from his seated position and leisurely 
walks down to the stage.
The examiner looks down at her notes but except this time, her voice sounds evidently 
surprised. “Lucas Wykes, 11 years old. Conjurer at the… d-dark yellow stage! Single 
Specialization in fire.”
What? He’s already at the dark yellow stage? How is that even possible?
“At your service!” Lucas takes an exaggerated bow.
“Yes, let us begin.” The examiner stutters.
With a serious face, Lucas instantly jumps back while muttering a spell. “Arise, Flame 
Guardian!”
A pillar of fire shoots up in front of him, diminishing to reveal a 2-meter tall humanoid 
made of flames.
I can faintly hear the scarred Augmenter examiner whistle in awe.
The flame guardian dashes towards the examiner while I hear Lucas cast another spell.
So he does have some skill to back up his ego.
The Conjurer examiner raises an eyebrow in surprise while muttering a spell.
“Earth’s Tomb!”
*Boom*
A solid cube instantly traps the fire guardian in his tracks.
Good plan. The flame guardian will naturally disappear once it uses up the limited 
amount of oxygen inside the tomb.
Lucas is smiling though, as he bellows, “It’s too late! Ember Wisps!”
The ruby stone embedded on his staff glows a dazzling orange as a spark shoots up in 
the air. The spark explodes like a firework, separating into dozens of small floating 
tendrils of fire. The tendrils stay afloat all around the stage, surrounding the both of 
them.
“The boy is good.” I hear Jasmine give a rare nod of approval.
The examiner’s face turns serious now.
I was a little confused as to what those floating embers were for but my question was 
soon answered.
“Expulsion!” He raised his staff above his head while he was still dashing backwards.
Suddenly, the dozens of fire tendrils glowed then shot out beams of fire at the examiner.
“Stone Shard Field!” The examiner points her staff down at the ground. The area 
around her glows a bright yellow before multiple pieces of earth shoot up from the 
ground. The rocks move in formation to block the lasers of flame. Only, it doesn’t just 
block the lasers but redirects it towards Lucas.
“Release!” Lucas screams as he pales. The wisps in the air disappear but the flames 
that were already shot are still heading towards his direction.
Pointing his huge staff at the multiple trails of flames heading his way, he shouts, “Fire 
Twister!”
A cyclone of fire just big enough to surround him appears from the ground. The trails 
of flame spin around the small fire tornado, fusing into it.
“Pierce.” The examiner mutters softly. The rock shards that redirected the flames now 
shoot forward towards the flame tornado Lucas was inside of. The large shards of rock 
go through the fire tornado and dissipating it, stopping just before they squish Lucas 
into fine paste.
The blonde noble just falls to his knees in defeat, sweating from the exhaustion from 
using so much mana.
The rocks around Lucas crumble and fall as the examiner releases her spell.
“Your control and creativity in the combinations of your spells are superb. You have a 
great future Mr. Wykes. Your control over mana consumption needs a bit more control 
but I look forward to see what you can become capable of. I think I can just barely pass 
you as a B class!” She announces, giving him a smile.
“WOAH!” “Another little monster!”“Gah! I want to just go home!”“What is with today’s 
crowd?”
I hear some of the audience members that have already taken the exam murmur 
excitedly amongst their peers.
“It’s only natural!” Lucas gets up from the ground, dusting his robe while he tries to 
keep a poker face but it’s pretty evident that he’s excited.
He gets back to his seat before the examiner, who wasn’t even tired, switches places 
with the Augmenter examiner.
The scarred man gets up, stretching his body. I see him high five the other examiner 
and looks at his notes.
“Next examinee, Note! Please come down!” He bellows.
Jasmine puts a hand on my shoulder. “Good luck.”
I nod back and walk down, leaving Sylvie with Jasmine.
“It seems you’re here to be tested under special conditions, seeing as there is no 
information here written about you. Okay! Let’s see what you’re made of.” He gives me 
a curious stare, trying to look through my mask’s eye slit to see who I was.
Just as he’s about to unsheathe his sword, a voice interrupts him
“I’ll be the one to test this particular examinee, George.”
Turning my head, I see the thin, bespectacled man named Kaspian walk towards us 
from the corridor I came in from.
“S-sir? You will be personally examining this participant? I apologize if this sounds 
presumptuous but is there really a need for an AA class to lower himself to test an 
examinee?
The scarred examiner is visibly baffled by the fact that Kaspian will be the one to test 
me.
An AA class! The difference in levels grows bigger as the ranks get higher. Being an AA 
class Adventurer signifies that you have the strength of ten A class Adventurers, and 
that’s just a rough estimate.
He should be one of the pinnacles of strength amongst humans. Even Gramps would 
be considered only AA class after going into his second beast form.
“His sponsor has deep ties with me so I feel obligated to test him personally.” He
chuckles as his right hand reaches towards a thin rapier on his waist.
“Let us begin.”
I unsheathe the short sword and hold it in front of me with one hand. The various 
sounds around the coliseum are soon drowned out as I focus solely on the opponent 
in front of me.
He’s making figure eights with his rapier while his left hand is in his pocket. Yet, he 
has no openings. He’s not even trying to hide his killing intent while he’s smiling 
innocently at me. My mind flashes back to my old world’s dueling arena. I didn’t think 
I’d find someone like him so soon, someone capable of making me excited. This should 
be different from sparring with Gramps.
“Please prepare yourself. I wouldn’t want the person Miss Flamesworth is sponsoring 
to lose too quickly.”
He blinks and instantly closes the gap as his rapier cuts a few pieces of hair above my 
left ear.
“Nice dodge.” He winks as he recoils his rapier, preparing for his next move.
*Clang*
I block his second thrust with the end of my handle, using the momentum to spin my 
body.
Kaspian leans back, dodging my swing but a small cut appears across the tip of his nose.
He looks surprised for a bit but instantly regains focus. Not giving him a chance to fully 
recover, I follow up with a roundhouse kick to his leg.
*BOOM*
His sheath stops the force of my reinforced kick. In that split second, he was able to 
use his other hand to reposition his sheath to block my attack.
The force of my kick to his sheath creates a small dust cloud around us and he uses 
that opportunity to gain distance.
“I must apologize for underestimating you. I shall be a bit more serious now.”
His innocent gaze gleams a bit with murderous intent as his rapier glows with a silvery 
hue.
He lunges at the air in front of him and all of a sudden I’m hit in the arm with 
something hard.
“You managed to partly dodge that as well. Seems like Miss Flamesworth has picked 
up someone worthwhile.”
I look down to see a gash in my left arm.
He was aiming for my heart! I only managed to dodge on pure instinct. He’s releasing 
too much of his killing intent. Is he doing it on purpose?
I curse at my body. Every time I fight, I still can’t help but feel restricted.
He lunges his rapier two more times, but I know what’s coming.
*Fwoosh* *Fwoosh*
He’s creating spears of wind with his thrusts. The difficulty in dodging it comes from 
the spears being close to invisible. I’ll have to rely on sound and timing to dodge, but I 
have to decrease the distance between us while doing so.
He had the advantage of a longer reach and a much bigger mana supply than me. In 
this body, I’m not confident enough to even say that I have the advantage in terms of 
technique. My body just doesn’t listen to me as well as I want it to. The only advantage 
I could think of was my body being a lot tougher than his thanks to assimilating with 
Sylvia’s Dragon Will.
I dodge one spear of wind while the other one lightly grazes my right arm as I close 
the distance between us.
It’s evident that both of our sword techniques consist of speed and agility.
I embed my shortsword in fire, releasing an arc of flames with my swing.
With a simple swing of his rapier, a gust of wind blows the fire away, but that’s what I 
wanted him to do.
Flicker Step.
A technique focusing fire affinity mana into the sole of your foot in rapid succession, 
gaining instantaneous acceleration.
I arrive in front of him while his rapier is still swung up next to his shoulder.
His brows rise in surprise as I use my free hand to push his hand up so he can’t swing 
down his rapier.
He will just blow flames away so I coat my sword to an extremely high temperature.
Superheat.
“Vortex.”
Suddenly the momentum from my flicker step is thrown off and a force pushes me into 
the ground.
I jump back to gain distance and see that there’s an intense swirl of airstream coming 
out of him that’s strong enough to create cracks on the ground around him.
He widens his stance, recoiling his rapier back with his left hand stretched out, resting 
on the blade.
“Heaven’s Rain”
His arm and rapier turns into a faint blur as he produces a succession of countless 
thrusts.
This was an exam right? Is he actually trying to kill me?
Fuck it.
“Thunderclap Impulse.”
One of the few techniques I managed to develop while training with Grandpa. A 
technique using lightning affinity mana to run currents of electricity throughout my 
nerves, quickening my reflexes a couple times over. If the average human has a 
reaction time of around 0.3 seconds, there are trained fighters that can get it down to 
0.2 or even 0.15 seconds.
With Thunderclap Impulse, I can quicken my reaction time to 0.05 for a short period 
of time.
My pupils contract and the hairs on my skin stand up on end due to the electricity.
I can hear the spears of wind shooting towards me as I prepare to dodge them.
“Release!”
His skill dissipates and my hair is just blown by a small draft.
Releasing my skill as well, I look at him quizzically. Before I had the chance to ask him, 
Jasmine is already by my side, staring daggers at Kaspian with her two blades in her 
hands.
“I may have gotten a little carried away.” He just shrugs nonchalantly.
“It seems you wish to hide much of your ability. I can only imply that you wish to be 
placed at a lower rank. Note. B class.”
Before walking off, he stops in front of the corridor. “I assume you have no problem 
with this?” He turns his head a little to look at me.
I just nod in agreement and he disappears from sight walking down the hall.
“That is the last examination for today! Please go to the front desk to receive your 
Adventurer’s card. Everyone is dismissed.” The Augmenter examiner shouts before he 
and the other examiner both rush after Kaspian.
KASPIAN BLADEHEART’S POV:
I arrive to my desk and before I even have the chance to take a seat, the two Adventurers 
in charge of today’s exams bombard me with questions simultaneously
“Sigh… George, Emily, take a seat and don’t talk all at once.” I sit down and lean back.
“Sir! What was with today’s examinees? Three B class Adventurers right off the bat in 
a day? This kind of situation is unheard of. Not to mention that two of them were kids!
Dark yellow at the age of 11… Has that ever occurred amongst humans?” Emily nods 
fervidly in agreement.
“Do you remember what happened half a year ago here in Xyrus?” I throw them a 
question.
“Around 6 months ago was the first tournament that was held for all three races right?”
Emily answers.
“Correct. The Adventurer guild workers will all know soon so there isn’t much of a 
point in hiding this. I was just notified of this a couple of weeks ago as well. The ban 
on elves and dwarves becoming Adventurers has been lifted and today’s batch 
included some of the representative examinees.”
“S-sir, do you mean to say that all three of them are either dwarves or elves then?” 
George’s jaw is slack as he’s saying this.
I pull out a small file of papers from my desk.
“Lucas Wykes is a half elf that has been residing in the Kingdom of Sapin. The 
information on his birth is classified but if I had to guess, he was probably a product 
of an elf slave. The Wykes family has always had a bad reputation for dabbling in 
nefarious ways to create better mages for their house. He’s an unusual case though, 
being able to be so adept in flame affinity, despite his elf lineage. He awakened at the 
age of 8, which is fast even amongst elf standards and was sent here for a sort of trial 
run. The Wykes no doubt expended a lot of money into buying beast cores and other 
supplements to quicken his growth.” I flip to the next page.
“Elijah Knight. He’s quite the mystery. According to the file, his origin is unknown. He 
was, however, raised amongst dwarves since a young age. He was sent as one of the 
first representatives from the Kingdom of Darv to assimilate into the human kingdom.
“How come he wasn’t tested Sir? The clerk only told me to just put him into B class.”
Emily leaned forward from her seat.
“Elijah awakened a couple of months ago, so he’s only now barely reached the Dark 
Red stage. As for why he was allowed to be a B class Adventurer probably has to do 
with the person backing him up. I don’t have any say in his case so we can only let him 
be. I’m curious as to what his abilities are.” I shake my head.
“As for that masked Augmenter from today, to be honest, I have no idea who he is. He 
wasn’t recorded as one of the representatives on the list. I was simply curious as to 
what kind of person Miss Flameheart would be willing to sponsor.
“Flameheart… as in THAT Flameheart house right? The famous house that is known 
for birthing the strongest fire attribute mages?”
I put away the file and look at them seriously, adjusting my glasses. “I told you all of 
this because you will find out soon anyway. However, I trust that you guys will refrain 
from telling others until the announcement is made across the country.”
I dismiss them as soon as I receive confirmation that they’ll comply.
I ponder over today’s events. That masked Augmenter. His techniques were not the 
standard skills that most fire attribute mages use. Even his style with the sword, it was 
something that made me shiver. But somehow, I get the feeling that he wasn’t at his 
optimal state. That somehow, he was being restrained. I couldn’t quite place my finger 
on it but his movements were awkward at times, as if he wasn’t used to his own body.
I dismiss my thoughts and start going over the pile of documents.
I can’t help but grin to myself. This continent is changing. There will be a lot interesting 
events happening from now on.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The same clerk that led us to the examination site hands me my bronze-colored 
Adventurer’s card at the front desk.
From E class to B class, the card is a copper color, where starting from A class, it’ll 
change to silver, then gold for AA class, then white for S class.
“Do you have a close relationship with Kaspian, Jasmine?” I ask after putting away my 
card, Sylvie asleep on my head.
“He’s an acquaintance of my father.” She says simply under a cold expression.
I don’t dig for any further answers. She obviously doesn’t have any sort of positive 
feelings about all of this.
Changing the subject, I ask Jasmine, “So what should we do next?”
She ponders for a bit. There were several options. We could do missions that were at 
or below our rank. These missions included a variety of tasks, from guarding, to 
acquiring specific items. We could also transport ourselves to the Beast Glades and 
explore while hunting down mana beasts.
“Dungeon exploring.” She answers, a soft smile on her face.
Sylvie lets out a ‘kyu’ in excitement at the idea of exploring a dungeon but I stay silent, 
looking at the two swords strapped to the back of my waist.
Today’s battle with Kaspian confirmed a lot of things for me. I’ve spent too much time 
adjusting to and learning this world’s magic system. Assimilating with Sylvia’s Beast 
Will, honing my Lightning and Ice Attribute techniques along with all of the other 
elements. I was so engrossed in the fact that this world made it capable to produce 
physical manifestations of elements that I neglected my foundations, the very thing I 
was best at, which was my body. In my past life, I used the simplest techniques to 
utilize the most of my small ki pool and with just my sword; I was able to rise to the 
top. This world offers so many more possibilities but if I am to truly excel and become 
the best in this world, I’m going to have to not only use my gifts in this life, but my 
experiences from my previous life.
In the midst of my thoughts, I feel someone bump past my shoulder. Looking up, I see 
the blond boy named Lucas walk past me with his entourage of guards and servants.
“You’re not bad for an Augmenter, but that’s it. Don’t get cocky because we happen to 
be in the same class. Even in the same ranks there are levels, and you would be at the 
bottom. Cheh! Know your place.”
The blond boy just smirks while intentionally leaning his head back so he can look 
down on me. The fact that his height was a fair bit shorter than mine just made him 
look silly.
What a cliche behavior for an annoying side character.
Not even bothering to argue with him, I just face back to Jasmine, “Let’s go to the 
portal.”
Crossing through the teleportation gate, my senses jolt from the scenery. The City of 
Xyrus has the most teleportation gates among the cities since that’s the only way you 
can enter into it, it being a floating city and all. The one we crossed led us directly to 
the front entrance of the area known as the Beast Glades.
Hearing the chirps of birds and occasional cries and roars of beasts, the constant 
sound of water flowing filling the background created a natural symphony. The sight 
of tall trees and numerous hills filled with different plants reminded me of anything 
but a dangerous landscape crowded with monsters that can kill even the strongest of 
mages. Only lower rank beasts inhabited the outskirts of the Beast Glades, where the 
natural resources were the least plentiful. The deeper you go in, the more mysterious 
the landscape turns into, with caves and hidden entrances to unexplored regions of 
the continent.
I take a deep breath, with Jasmine soon following up through the portal after Sylvie 
and me.
Suddenly, Sylvie hops off of my head and scurries off, as if chasing something.
Dumbfounded at this event, I just yell out, “Wait, Sylv! Where are you going?”
Sylvie just sends me a vague response, saying she wants to train too.
“…”
My pet dragon has never left my side ever since she hatched but she suddenly leaves?
I was uneasy at first, but I realized after a bit that I could feel where she was.
“I think she will be fine. Mana beasts have a natural instinct to get stronger after a 
certain period of time. She must’ve felt very suffocated being in a sheltered 
environment all of her life.” Jasmine says, walking next to me.
Putting her hand on my shoulder, she signals for us to start moving. “There is a place 
I wish to visit first before going to a dungeon. We have to hurry though; it gets a little 
more dangerous at night.”
Willing mana into her body, Jasmine bolts off into the distance, with her wind attribute 
mana propelling her even faster.
I follow suit, forming two gales of wind below my feet before I dash after her. I made 
sure to keep tabs on Sylvie but it wouldn’t be much of a problem since both she and I 
were mentally linked. Even as the distance grew between us, the connection remained 
strong and I was able to sense that Sylvie was catching small prey, her ecstatic mood 
affecting me as well.
The journey lasted a couple of hours and it was growing dark. The only reason I was 
able to keep up with Jasmine, even when she was a dark yellow stage, was thanks to 
the use of mana rotation throughout the way. This skill has become almost second 
nature to me now, and I use it unconsciously whenever I exert mana.
By late evening, we cleared through a dense forest and arrived at a small clearing.
Surrounded by trees, there was a small field of grass with a stream of clear water 
flowing through it.
“We’ll camp out here tonight and stay here for a few days.” She announces while 
setting down her bag and taking out a couple of things.
“Were we not going to go into a dungeon right away?” I ask while I set down my bad 
as well.
She just shakes her head, picking up a few branches of wood and gathering them 
together.
I go into the forest, finding some decent sized branches to make a fire with. After a bit, 
we got a fire started. Making myself comfortable, I take my mask off now and sit by 
her next to the fire. We sat there, staring at the light produced by the flame and hearing 
the wood as it burns and cracks.
Trying to break the silence, I ask Jasmine, “What made you want to become an 
Adventurer?”
“…”
Her gaze never leaves the fire and I just stare back at the flame, thinking she didn’t 
want to answer.
After a couple of crackles of wood made by the fire, Jasmine answers softly, “I wanted 
to get away from my family.”
“I see… Are you on bad terms with your family?” I respond, my eyes staying on the fire.
“…”
*Crackle*
“The Flamesworth House was a major contributor to the war against Elves. Our house 
has provided many powerful mages, both Conjurers and Augmenters. Our lineage in 
the fire attribute element is second to none. We took great pride in this, because fire 
is considered to be the most powerful of the elements.” She stated.
This was the most Jasmine has talked in one sitting.
“But Jasmine, aren’t you a…” I look up at, furrowing my brows.
*Nod*
“Since early on, when I first awakened and started training, my family tried to test my 
mana for fire affinity. I went through various tests so they can see how my mana was 
exerted and how it flowed through my mana channels.”
Jasmine continued on, “When it was made clear that I had no aptitude for fire attribute, 
my family shunned me.”
“…”
I didn’t know how to respond to her. For the first time, the always aloof and cold 
Jasmine seemed… vulnerable.
“I’m sorry for what happened…” was the only response I managed to utter.
Shaking her head, she gives me a faint smile. “The Twin Horns has treated me well and 
I don’t dislike what I am.”
I see her palm form a small swirl of wind, different emotions running through her face 
as she stares at it.
This world was a place of discrimination and classification. The hierarchical roots 
imbedded into this land would never truly disappear. Normal humans were 
considered second-rate people, while even amongst mages Augmenters were 
discriminated against by Conjurers. It goes further than that, where unless one is a 
deviant or a dual element specialist, some elements were considered “higher class” 
than others. Being born from a family of powerful fire attribute mages, she was 
discarded as inferior because of the elemental attribute she had; something that most 
mages would kill to acquire. She was a dark yellow Augmenter skilled in fighting and 
with mana manipulation at the ripe age of 24. Many would consider her a genius but 
from the standards she grew up with, she considered herself average at best.
We put in a bit more wood and laid out our sleeping bags a couple meters away so we 
could still feel the heat.
Lying down, I feel for Sylvie’s presence. She was a good distance away but I could tell 
she was safe. She sends me a thought, saying not to worry and that I should stay safe 
too.
Eyes closed, I wait to drift off when I hear Jasmine mumble something.
“…It’s weird. When I talk to you, it doesn’t feel like I’m talking to a child.”
I don’t respond, pretending to be asleep, hoping she wouldn’t push further for a reply.
“Good morning.” Jasmine was up and cooking something over the fire by the time I got 
up.
I look to see that there were a couple of fish skewered on a branch being grilled.
“Good morning! You should’ve woken me up Jasmine. There’s no need for you to do all 
of the chores on your own.”
“…I tried waking you up… You wouldn’t budge.” Her half closed eyes that give off an 
apathetic atmosphere looks at me as if I was some sort of wild animal.
“…aha… I’m sorry, I really need to fix that.” Maybe it was because I was still growing.
After eating the grilled fish for breakfast, we put out the fire. Jasmine asked if she 
wanted to take a bath in the stream with her but I just told her I’d go in after her.
Sigh… Being a virtuous King with morals seems to hinder me at times like these.
After washing up, I put on my mask and swords, thinking we’d go hunting for some 
mana beasts around the area when Jasmine stops me.
“Your opponent for these few days will be me.”
“Huh?” I can’t help but be surprised at the turn of events. We came all the way here to 
spar?
“This area is close to the dungeon we will be exploring, but for these days, I want you 
to focus on fighting me. I noticed that your fighting style seems… awkward at times.
Like, you know it in your head, but your body doesn’t listen to you… or something 
along those lines.”
Unsheathing her two daggers, she points one at me, continuing, “We won’t use any 
kind of mana for these next few days while sparring.”
I unsheathe my shortsword too. “Good idea.”
Mana should be used as a supplement to your techniques, not a replacement to cover 
them.
“Use your other sword…” Jasmine eyes Dawn’s Ballad as she says this.
“How did you know this was a sword?” I wasn’t planning on hiding my weapon from 
her but I was still startled.
“…Knowing you, that black stick should be something more than just a cane or a 
practice stick.” She just shrugs, walking a few steps closer to me.
I just nod, throwing the shortsword near the campfire.
*Shhinnng*
The translucent blade glows a light teal as it smoothly glides out of the scabbard matte 
black scabbard.
Holding it out in front me, I position myself. “Get ready.”
“Y-yeah…” I could tell Jasmine was in awe by the appearance of my sword after it was 
drawn. I suspect it’ll get that kind of reaction anywhere since its beauty stunned even 
me.
“Hahp!” Without mana reinforcing my body, I realize just how much I was neglecting 
myself. My arms felt heavy and my legs felt frail as they pushed off against the ground.
I was a fool. I was complaining every time I fought about the limits of my juvenile body, 
but instead of fixing the problem, I just masked it. “Tch,” I can’t help but get pissed off 
at myself for this.
I give a sharp thrust at Jasmine’s core. We could cover our bodies with mana if we 
know we can’t block it, to prevent fatal injuries, but besides that, we weren’t allowed 
to reinforce our body.
Jasmine crosses her two daggers; blocking the thrust with ease she knocks my blade 
down in a swift movement followed right after.
My blade sinks into the ground as she prepares to use her other dagger to swipe at my 
head.
I squat my legs, lowering my center of gravity as I pull my blade out of the ground.
Using the momentum I gained from pulling back my sword, I spin in that direction to 
lash at her legs.
My blade is met with empty air, Jasmine jumping up to avoid my attack. She won’t be 
able to change direction midair without the help of mana so I continue on with a stab.
*Clang*
I’m surprised at how heavy the force of the block was, as my hands get numb.
Jasmine gracefully recovers after she blocks my stab by doing a summersault to regain 
balance.
I give her a weak smile as I wait for my hands to get their feeling back.
“Hey Jasmine… I think I’m going to need more than a couple of days to work this out.”
Her lips curl up slightly as she nods in agreement.
I have 3 years before I’ll start attending Xyrus Academy. During my time at school, I’ll 
have plenty of chances to focus on studying mana.
I know what to do.
“2 years. Jasmine, don’t let me use mana unless absolutely necessary for 2 years.
Whether it be on missions or inside dungeons, I’ll have to train my body first.” I 
sheathe my sword and can’t help but get excited.
This is just the beginning.
****Dragonspine Inn****
INSIGNIFICANT ADVENTURER’S POV:
“Hey hey, did you hear about the rumor going on?” I say as I put down my mug of beer.
A burly man sitting in the same table finishes off his cup before slamming it on the 
table. “If you’re talking about that famous masked swordsman, I say bullshit!”
I could tell he was a little drunk by his flushed cheeks and glazed eyes.
“No, apparently it’s true! An acquaintance of mine supposedly partied with him. He’s 
traveling with Jasmine Flamesworth so it’s hard to miss him.” A skinny lad with his 
hair tied in a bun came over to our table to join in on the gossip.
“So? What did your so called ‘acquaintance’ say about him?” The drunkard exclaimed, 
getting impatient.
“Well they went together to explore a minor dungeon that’s been cleared already.
Apparently, he’s pretty short! I think the rumors are true in that he’s not a mage.” The 
thin lad just shook his head in wonder.
“Bah! I call bullshit! It’s either that masked swordsman is an Augmenter, or the rumors 
are just exaggerated! Did you hear some of the stories going around about him? There 
was even one rumor that he solo cleared a dungeon by himself? Is that even possible?
B class Augmenters can’t do that, even if it’s a low level dungeon and you expect me to 
believe an ordinary swordsman can?” The drunkard waves his empty mug for a refill 
on his beer.
“Yeah man, I would take some of those rumors with a pinch of salt. That solo clear 
rumor… didn’t the guy also say that Jasmine Flamesworth went in with him? She 
probably helped him inside right?” I take another sip, feeling a little lightheaded.
“Right right? I’m telling you dunderheads, that swordsman is probably not even that 
strong! Half those rumors are probably rumors of Jasmine Flamesworth! That half-wit 
warrior dares call himself a swordsman? Bring him here! I’ll take him on any day!”
Things were getting loud as the burly drunk was getting more and more intoxicated.
The hottest topic these days amongst Adventurers were about the masked 
swordsman. Some stories say that he’s Jasmine Flamesworth’s apprentice, but that 
was a little far-fetched. It was made known that he took a rank exam to place into B 
rank, which was really rare. More shocking than that though was, he was now an A 
class! Moving a full rank up in two year’s time?
I just shake my head as I pity myself. Here I was, a borderline C class Adventurer. I 
failed the exam to move up a class three times this past 3 years. Once you gather 
enough merit points from going into dungeons and completing missions and quests, 
Adventurers are allowed the chance to move up a class upon passing an exam.
The exam differs for each class, but supposedly, to go into the A rank, which is first 
class considered ‘elite’ the examinee has to fight two on one with two A rank 
Adventurers and last for 10 minutes.
The weird thing is that when some of the rumors reached the examinees that were 
there with the masked swordsman when he took his exam, they all said that he was 
an Augmenter. The rumor got so big around him because everyone who has been on a 
dungeon exploration with him has said that he uses no mana but was still a monster.
The burly man was sobering up a little now, and was just annoyed by the fact that a 
midget swordsman was better than him. He was a veteran B class Augmenter after all; 
I could imagine that was a pretty big source of pride for him.
*Kreeeeeen*
The squeaky door to the pub opens and I drop the fork that was in my hand as I see a 
figure entering.
“Well speak of the devil! The little midget swordsman everyone’s hyped up about is 
here! Where’s your little guardian?” The burly man gets up from his seat with a snide 
grin on his face; cheeks still red.
The very same masked swordsman; the one responsible for all of the crazy rumors, he 
was here in the flesh.
I see his blue eyes underneath the mask look up at the burly man with an unknown 
expression. He was wearing a simple black coat that came down to his mid-thigh, the 
hood on the coat covering up what the mask couldn’t. If I were just passing by, even 
with a mask and two swords, I probably wouldn’t have noticed anything particular 
about him, but when you look carefully, he was an odd sight. The masked figure stood 
at about 1.6m, which wasn’t that tall. He had a very slim figure underneath his coat, 
which either suggested he was a normal person, or a Conjurer. Strapped behind him 
were a normal short sword on top and a sleek black stick on the bottom. I couldn’t 
help wondering if he was actually a Conjurer and that was his staff.
After casting a glance at the drunkard that was calling him out, the masked man simply 
walked past him, uninterested, as if he wasn’t worth the time.
“Are you fucking ignoring me? Just because you’re a little famous for your bullshit 
rumors, you think you’re better than ME?!” The drunkard hit his last straw as he 
unsheathed his giantsword from his back and held it above his head to swing down.
“C-calm down! You know you’re not allowed to kill someone in here!” I try to quell the 
man, holding my arms up to stop his sword from swinging, but the masked man didn’t 
even turn back and just kept walking towards the front counter.
This pissed off the drunk even more as he augmented his body and sword, which both 
glowed a silvery glow, pushed me aside, and swung down at the masked swordsman.
“BOOOOM!”
I look in horror as I imagine the bloody corpse that was probably cleaved in two from 
the force of that blow. However, contrary to what I expected, the sword created a small 
crater next to the masked man, missing him by just a hairs breadth.
Whew… At least the drunk had enough sense to not kill the man; he probably just 
wanted to scare him.
I stand back up about to calm the burly man down from swinging again but when I 
turn to him, I see that his face is twisted into a shocked, seething expression.
“GRAAH!” He swings his sword again, lifting it out of the small depression he made on 
the ground. The customers that were seated in the dining room of the inn were all 
staring now, some cheering for gore.
With mana reinforcing the burly man’s body and his greatsword, no matter how drunk 
he was; his power and speed were no joke. He attacked with a flurry of swings that 
obliterated the wooden seats and tables in the way but no matter how much he 
attacked, his sword always missed. The masked man was actually staying in place, not 
taking a step away from his position but every time the sword was about to cut him in 
half, he just turned into a blur, while the only thing the sword hit was an afterimage.
After about a 5-minute barrage of attacks by the burly man and his greatsword, he was 
sweating profusely as his face showed his frustration, but he was more cautious now 
as he took a step back.
“Is dodging the only thing you can do? I guess your guardian did all of the hard work 
for you while all you did was run away!” The man gave him a menacing smile, still 
confident that he could win against the masked man. He puts both hands on the grip 
of his sword and swings again, this time much faster than his previous attacks.
*Clang*
His greatsword that probably weighed more than the masked man himself was sent 
flying but I don’t know how. The sound seemed like it was knocked away by another 
sword but I couldn’t see it. I couldn’t even see the masked swordsman pull out his
weapon.
“Are you done?”
*DOOOOOOOOOM*
“A-aah…” was the only sound I heard from the drunk before we all dropped to the 
ground.
I felt like I was deep underwater. I couldn’t breathe and the surrounding atmosphere 
seemed to want to crush me.
“…”
I-I’m scared…
S-scary!
I’ve heard that some elite fighters are able to produce a killing intent that could scare 
mana beasts away, but what the hell was this? Was there such a thing as a killing intent 
that could actually kill people?
Slowly turning my head to face the masked man who was obviously the source of this 
bloodthirst, I feel the blood drain from my face as I look at him.
I couldn’t tell what sort of expression he had under his mask but I didn’t need to. There 
seemed to be this dark, baleful aura bursting out of him. I swear I feel like that dark 
aura around him was alive and raging. The killing intent isn’t even focused on me but 
I had to will myself to keep from wetting my pants.
I see the sorry state that the drunk is in. His eyes are wide and his body stiff, as if he’s 
petrified. He’s muttering something and I can see tears stream down his eyes while 
the crotch area from his pants are a darker shade.
Suddenly, he retracts his bloodthirst and I can breathe again. I take deep gulps of air 
and end up coughing. I could see the other Adventurers and the workers of the inn 
doing the same, some in a worse state than I am.
The masked man turns back to the counter and faces the trembling waitress at the 
front desk, as her face is a full 3 shades lighter than it was before.
“I believe there is a sack of rations under the name ‘Note’ that a friend of mine ordered 
not too long ago.” The masked man speaks, his baritone voice clear and precise.
“Y-yes! I’ll get that for you right away!”
He gives a slight bow to the waitress as she hands him a sack of food and he leaves as 
the whole inn just watches him go off, not daring to make a sound.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“What took so long?” Jasmine divides the food and puts it into each of the pouches 
attached to the saddle of our horses.
“Ah I had a little quarrel with one of the Adventurers at the inn! Haha.” I scratch my 
head as I hop on my brown mount.
I could feel Jasmine staring at me suspiciously, her half closed eyes judging me.
“Don’t mind don’t mind! I didn’t make a big deal out of it! I didn’t even hurt the guy!” I 
just wave my hand to try and convince Jasmine from going back into Dragonspine Inn.
Jasmine just shakes her head and gets on her horse as well, snapping at the reigns to 
go.
“Haap!” I do the same as we head towards our destination.
I think back over the last two years. Jasmine wanted me to get to A class as soon as 
possible to explore the dungeon we were heading towards today. Along the journey to 
raise my class, she ranked up as well, becoming an AA class Adventurer. There was 
still quite a bit of a level difference between her and Kaspian but she did improve a lot 
during these two years. When we weren’t on missions or exploring low class 
dungeons, we were sparring. At night, I made sure to meditate for at least a couple of 
hours before I went to sleep. During these past two years, I broke through into the 
light orange stage, which I count as a success considering how much time I spent 
meditating.
No. The biggest improvement throughout this period was definitely my body. Not 
using mana made me take a step back and remember how to use my body and sword 
efficiently so I can be that much better when I augment myself. I can’t say I’m at 100% 
in terms of strength, since the physical reach of my limbs and my muscles are not as 
developed as it was when I was an adult, but I no longer feel awkward or restrained 
when I fight now. I fine-tuned some of my sword techniques to better fit my current 
body, which I’ll need to improve along the way.
I can’t say it was an easy ride and I have scars on my body to prove it, but I know it 
was worth it. Coupled with my Dragon Will assimilated body and the use of mana 
rotation, I could finally be at ease in knowing that I was on the right track for the 
future.
Jasmine has gotten stronger than ever before. While journeying with her, I noticed that 
her biggest flaw was in her swordsmanship. Growing up while only learning fire 
attribute skills for a little until she was deemed unfit, she was on her own to learn how 
to best control her swords to fit her wind attribute skills.
I wasn’t the best at wind but that didn’t mean I couldn’t teach her skills regarding it.
She passed the AA class examination by utilizing the new skills I taught her along with 
her double blade techniques she developed on her own. I wanted to take the AA class 
exam as well, but the merit point requirements made it so I needed to complete a lot 
more missions or clear dungeons before I’m eligible to.
I send out a mental transmission to Sylvie. She’s been acting strange ever since we 
came to the Beast Glades. We would always keep in touch, but for some reason she 
didn’t want to come meet me yet, even when I go back to Xyrus to visit my family. Every 
time I tell her to come back, she says there’s something she needs to finish before
coming back. I could definitely tell how much she’s matured though. We can hold 
conversations and her emotions have developed to become more complex.
While I went home a couple of times during the first year, since last year, it’s taken too 
long to make the trip back to Xyrus and come back to the dungeons every time.
Instead, we stuck to letters and meeting Father or Mother every so often at Guild Hall, 
where the transportation gates are. She has been pretty dissatisfied by this fact but 
she doesn’t keep me from being an Adventurer. I could tell my father has been keeping 
up with his training because he broke through into the solid orange stage now, which 
is impressive for someone his age. He smiles at me proudly both at himself and at his 
son who’s doing well.
They’ve also been telling me a lot about what’s happening at the Helstea House. My 
sister is still quite a bit away from forming her mana core, but I was surprised when I 
learned that Lilia awakened a couple of weeks ago. Her awakening caused her bed to 
implode, which was about average for a mage. Her parents were ecstatic to say the 
least by this and didn’t wait to enroll her into Xyrus Academy. After being tested, while 
her mana core was about average, it turned out that her mana veins were excellent.
She had a high capability to absorb mana from her surroundings, which was essential 
for all Conjurers. I guess she’ll be my senior at school when I start going next year.
Snapping me out of my thoughts, I hear, “We’re here…” as Jasmine slows down her 
mount, approaching a clearing in the woods we were traversing.
In front of the dungeon entrance, which was just a cave in this case, was a group of 
people clearing their camp and getting ready to go in. I guess we were the last to arrive.
“Cheh… I guess we’re stuck with more Augmenters.” I hear an all too familiar, snotty 
voice. Getting off of my mount, I walk towards the group of Adventurers when the 
blond fire Conjurer from the examination site gives me a distasteful look. Jasmine 
follows behind me as an armored Augmenter steps up and holds up his hand in front 
of him, gesturing for a shake.
“Please don’t mind Lucas and let me introduce you to the party. My name is Reginald 
Brooks and I’m an A class Augmenter. I am an Earth Attribute yellow stage core that 
specializes in using a hammer.” He points at the giant hammer that was on the ground 
where the group was.
Reginald had a short, messy brown hair that matched his eyes. He had a very square 
face that made him seem more masculine with his short beard and 1.9m height and 
broad shoulders.
The group consisted of Reginald, Kriol, and Brald as the Augmenters besides us. Kriol 
was a very defensive, water attribute Augmenter that only used a gigantic shield as his 
weapon. He was rather short, at around 1.7m and was kind of fat. I could tell he was 
strong though, by how firm his body was overall, despite his belly. Brald was a very 
noble-looking man that stood at about 1.8m. He wore a white metal armor that 
covered his shoulders and chest only, with a cape behind him. With a trimmed blond 
hair with sharp hazel eyes, he seemed like a real lady-killer. To my surprise, he was a 
real gentleman and offered us handshakes and a smile.
“I go by Brald and just became an AA class, light yellow stage Augmenter. I am a fire 
attribute Augmenter that specializes with the broadsword and shield. I’ll be the one 
to lead us today.” He beams.
After the Augmenters introduced themselves, the Conjurers stepped up. Aside from 
Lucas, there were 4 other Conjurers. One of them was a lanky man and the other a girl, 
while the last one was the serious-looking, bespectacled black haired boy that was 
also at the examination site! What was his name again…?
“My name is Elijah Knight. A class, dark orange stage conjurer… single specialization 
in Earth.” He says simply.
I can’t help but eye him carefully. There had to be more than that. He wouldn’t be able 
to get by with skipping the exam and being placed into B rank by just being an Earth 
Conjurer no matter how young he was.
The beady-eyed lanky man that looked well into his thirties came up next. He had a 
smug look on his face despite his less than attractive appearance, with his crooked 
nose and parted brown hair. “Ahem! I go by Oliver and I am an A class, dark yellow 
stage Conjurer. I am an Emitter deviant, specializing in healing.” He sticks his jaw out 
smugly while crossing his arms.
Despite his attitude, I can’t say I’m not glad to have a healer this time.
“Hi! My name is Samantha but you guys can just call me Sammy! Dark yellow stage, A 
class Conjurer with a Single specialization in water at your service!” She throws in a 
wink at my direction. Samantha looked to be around her mid-twenties and was an 
attractive woman but by her attitude, I’m sure she knew it too. She had wavy blond 
hair that flowed down her shoulders and light blue eyes that looked almost grey. Her 
eyes were big and round; making her look cuter and her short height of about 1.5m 
complimented that well. While her assets weren’t abundant like a certain wind 
Conjurer from the Twin Horns, she had a nice figure and I could tell Oliver had a thing 
for her by how he kept taking side-glances at her.
“Jasmine, light-yellow stage, AA class Augmenter. Wind attribute with dual swords.”
My partner says without batting an eye.
“Note, light orange stage, A class Augmenter. Fire attribute with specialization in 
sword.” I said simply.
Brald smiled at us, ”Welcome you two! I’m certainly glad to have another AA class in 
the group!” The other two Augmenters nodded in agreement while Oliver and Lucas 
had faces that showed they didn’t care while he simply announced that he was a fire 
specialized Conjurer who was at yellow stage. Elijah kept his stone face while I notice 
how Samantha keeps looking at me, trying to look through the mask somehow.
“I can’t help but ask. Mr. Note, there have been various rumors about you saying that 
you are not an Augmenter, yet you clearly just announced that you are.” Reginald asks, 
picking up his giant hammer and leaning it against his shoulder.
“I haven’t been using my magic for a while due to personal reasons. That must’ve been 
the reason why those rumors came up.” I just shrugged, signaling them to move on.
Noticing that I didn’t want to indulge their curiosity, he simply coughs and sets up the 
formation for the party.
It would basically be Brald in the front, since his shield and sword style was the best 
fit for the front line. Beside him were Reginald and I, who both specialized in offense.
Guarding the rear was Kriol with his gigantic shield to prevent us from getting flanked 
and Jasmine beside him ready to kill anything that may get past him. We were all in 
charge of protecting the four Conjurers with Oliver in the dead center, the most 
protected since he was the healer.
“We should head out immediately!” Brald declared. He was assuming the position as 
the leader since he was the front line and the only other AA class besides the quiet 
Jasmine.
This dungeon was deemed AA class, meaning parties with only A class and above are 
allowed to enter. Brald recently found out that there was a hidden tunnel that leads to 
an unexplored portion of the dungeon, which we would be exploring today. This meant 
that most of our dungeon exploring would be through uncharted parts. Everyone 
unsheathed their weapons while even the smug Conjurers put on a serious face as we 
stepped into the dungeon named by the first explorers “The Dire Tombs”.
Stepping into the dungeon, I felt the temperature suddenly drop as we descended 
down a slope. I stood to the right side of Brald, who had his shield up in position and 
his sword drawn.
Jasmine and I did some research on the Dire Tombs dungeon we were in now. It was a 
unique place, even amongst the mysterious dungeons. The beasts that made their 
homes here have been described in the records as undead. I’ve never heard of mana 
beasts that could come back to life. Because of this, one of the hardest aspects of 
clearing this dungeon seems to be the endless amount of undead mana beasts.
Digging deeper, some Adventurers and mage guilds even speculated that inside the 
bottom of this dungeon might be a special artifact that can reanimate dead mana 
beasts, but no one has been able to prove it.
Clearing the dungeon meant that the area has been explored. It’s different from 
conquering the dungeon, where the mana beasts inside have been defeated and the 
treasures looted.
This dungeon has been cleared, or at least it was until Brald discovered the hidden 
passage, but never defeated.
“We’re approaching the first level of the dungeon, stay on guard. The mana beasts here 
aren’t strong, but there’ll be a lot of them. Don’t waste your time trying to collect the 
mana cores from the beasts… they don’t have one.” Brald declares.
I hear a faint muttering from Oliver, our healer, who’s complaining about the lack of 
rewards from this dungeon.
While the goal of defeating a dungeon is to loot the accumulated treasures high-level 
mana beasts have collected, most of the profit, usually, comes from collecting the beast 
cores on the way down. In most cases, even if parties can’t defeat or even clear a 
dungeon, they can still come out with a hefty sum from just the beast cores, which 
could be sold for a high price. One of the reasons this dungeon is so unpopular, and 
why our party is the only one inside the dungeon, is that the mana beasts here have 
no cores. This meant a big chunk of revenue from trying to clear the dungeon would 
be gone.
“GRRRRRRRRR”
I narrow my eyes and focus. We just reached the end of the descending passage and 
into an underground cave around 50 meters in diameter. Looking around, the whole 
cave is glowing in a dim blue color. Above us, the cave was covered in stalactites that 
seemed to threaten us with their sharp tips gleaming. There were around 20 mana 
beasts that looked like big bats, except with no wings but instead four limbs. The 
hollow body of the bat-like mana beasts had their ribs fully visible and inside it, where 
the beast core should’ve been, was a cracked rock.
I guess it was true.
“Batrunners! They’re not strong but they attack in groups. Minimalizing the usage of 
our mana is going to be the key inside this dungeon! Get ready!” Brald roars over the 
growling of the Batrunners, all of them positioned to pounce, with their patches of fur 
standing on end and their teeth bared.
“Form and torment the foes around! Fire Cyclone!” I hear a yell from behind me and I 
realize it’s Lucas who casted the spell.
Suddenly, four twisters of fire 3 meters high swirled into life around our group and 
spread out.
*YELP* *YELP*
Many of the Batrunners were eaten up by the fire tornadoes and were burned up. The 
ones that were fortunate enough to escape the tornadoes fled, trying to circle around 
and attack us.
I could hear Brald click his tongue, dissatisfied that Lucas just ignored his orders and 
casted a spell that wasn’t needed.
The fire cyclones killed most of the Batrunners and the ones left were badly burned 
so defeating the rest were quick.
“Next time, follow orders and don’t waste mana like that. Your spell was overkill.”
Brald growled.
Lucas just rolled his eyes, “I don’t see the problem. We killed them fast enough so that 
everyone else could save their mana.”
Shaking his head, Brald just ushered us forward to the other end of the cave. Before 
going into the next room, I hear crunching noises behind me and to my surprise, the 
Batrunners that were just killed dug themselves out of the ground, looking rather 
unhurt, aside from their ribs sticking out.
Dire Tombs… What an unfortunately fitting name for this dungeon.
We just ignored them and went into the other room while Elijah quietly casted a wall 
of rock over the entrance so that the Batrunners couldn’t follow us.
The opening on the other side of the cave lead us through another dark corridor that 
was around the width of 4 people, standing shoulder to shoulder.
I could tell everyone was a bit more relaxed upon leaving the first cave but I couldn’t 
shake this uneasy feeling.
“Fwishshshsh!”
“Clang clang clang!”
My shortsword blurred as I instinctively parried the projectiles aimed towards 
Samantha.
“T-thank you…” even under the dim blue lighting, I could tell that Samantha’s face 
paled as the earthen spikes that almost killed her landed on the ground beside her 
feet.
“Something’s wrong… there were no traps last time.” Brald picked up one of the 
pointed rocks to study it but was baffled.
The presence of traps meant that there were high-level mana beasts capable of 
conjuring spells with activation requirements.
“Stay alert everyone.” Jasmine already had her twin daggers guarding her vitals but 
Reginald and Kriol readied their weapons as Samantha inched a bit closer to me, her 
hand pinching my sleeve, her free hand gripping her wand.
Fortunately, we reached the end of the hall with no other traps deterring us. The next 
cave that we arrived in front of was similar to the previous cave, but twice the size and 
there were suspicious holes scattered on the ground.
“Don’t get near the holes. They’re geysers that shoot extremely hot streams of gas up.
It should be fine as long as you’re not in direct proximity of the blast.” Brald 
announced, looking around for any signs of mana beasts.
*RUMBLE*
As if on cue, the cave trembles and from the ground pops up something that oddly 
resembles a worm, except it was a glowing red and about a couple meters thick and 
unfathomably long, countless rows of teeth circling the hole on the head.
“Was that here last time Brald?” Kriol looks at our leader.
“N-no… I don’t get what’s happening. It doesn’t make sense for new mana beast 
species to enter a dungeon like this.” The handsome knight has a wavering look, losing 
his confidence.
“Cheh. It’s not a big deal as long as I’m here.” Lucas just flips his blonde hair.
However, the gigantic red worm doesn’t attack us but burrows down, creating another 
hole.
“It doesn’t seem to be after us.” Muttered Elijah while his sharp, bespectacled eyes 
studied the giant worm.
The red worm-beast is now burrowing itself into the walls of the cave, creating more 
holes from all different angles, never confronting us.
“Are we just going to stand around watching the worm dig or are we going to go?”
Oliver, our lanky Emitter, just pushes past Brald and me, confidently striding towards 
the other end of the cave.
He wanted to show is confidence in front of Samantha is what I assumed.
“Get back here! We need to assess what’s happening before we go across!” Brald gets 
more and more frustrated at the arrogance displayed by the Conjurers as he steps 
forward to go after him.
Suddenly, the whole cave shakes and we hear a light fizzing sound.
“LUCAS! HEAT WAVE BARRIER! NOW!” I scream at the confused blonde noble.
“FWWOOOOOOOOM!”
The holes. The holes existent in the beginning and the holes on the ground, roof, and 
walls made by the giant worm all trembled and released a fiery blast of gas.
The giant worm was making the holes in order to kill us and we just let it happen.
I managed to pull Brald who was just in arm’s length of me before he had the chance 
to run after Oliver.
The shield was erected in time to shield us from the gas but Oliver faded out of sight.
The eruption of gas lasted for a couple of minutes until it sizzled down.
Lucas released the weakened barrier and we stood in silence at the scene in front of 
us.
The only thing left of Oliver was the gem on top of his staff.
“FUCK!” Brald shouts, grinding his teeth at the loss.
Oliver didn’t mean much to us as a person but he was our healer. That idiot ran off, not 
even casting a barrier spell on himself.
Samantha’s face looked sickly as she covered her mouth with her hands.
Before we had the chance to step out, Lucas pushes past and picks up the gem that 
was a few meters in front of us.
“Tch… his gem isn’t even good.” He just tosses it back towards us and Brald picks it up 
who then hands it to Samantha, who studies it and replaces the gem on her wand with 
the one that Oliver had; her hands trembling the whole time.
“We need to move before another eruption occurs. That giant worm beast is making 
more holes. I don’t think Lucas’ Barrier will hold for another wave.” Our leader states 
as he moves forward.
I look back at Jasmine and she just solemnly nods at me. We were all frustrated by the 
turn of events.
We were half way through the cave when Elijah, who was right next to me asks, “How 
did you know Lucas’ Heat Wave Barrier would be so effective against the steam?” I 
could see Lucas and Samantha turn their eyes towards me, waiting for an answer.
“I’ve been through a similar experience before and a heat barrier seemed to negate a 
gas attack the best.” I just shrug.
Around us, the giant worm that was creating more holes when it suddenly stopped in 
front of us.
Without warning, it whipped its head and smashed at the ground we were at before.
Kriol, who was at the back, stepped forward and with Samantha, created a water 
barrier the cushioned the blow while Elijah erected a flat shield of earth to stop the 
weakened attack of the worm before crumbling.
“Impact Blast!” Reginald’s giant hammer glowed a bright yellow as he swung at the 
worm beast.
“BOOM!”
The worm’s whole body shook as Reginald’s skill sent ripples of mana into its body.
I followed up, drawing my short sword and willing flames to surround the blade while 
activating mana rotation.
“Flame Blade.”
I tore through the underside of the worm, welding the wound as my blade burned 
through the flesh.
The worm let out a shrill screech before it collapsed next us, part of its body still 
underground.
“The oversized worm wasn’t even strong.” Lucas just shakes his head, disappointed, 
when all of a sudden we hear another rumble.
The worm wasn’t trying to kill us; it was trying to delay us in time for another eruption 
from the holes.
“FWOOOOOOOOOOMMMM!”
Lucas couldn’t erect his barrier in time as his eyes widen in surprise.
“Phoenix’s Cape.” A surge of fire surrounds my body protecting me against the gas. I 
look back in relief to see that Jasmine has erected a swirling aura of wind around her 
that dissipated the steam.
“GAAH!” “UGGH!”
The gas dispels to reveal an injured Brald. Kriold managed to protect Lucas and Elijah 
under his gigantic shield augmented with water but Brald’s sword arm was 
obliterated from the elbow down while he tried to shield Samantha. It seemed like 
Brald only augmented his shield in flames instead of his whole body to protect 
Samantha. Reginald had a few burns over his body but he was okay. He probably was 
barely in time to surround himself with earth attribute mana.
Our leader’s sword was on the ground, as his stump of an arm was burned black at the 
end.
Gritting his teeth, he drops his shield and picks up his sword with his left arm. “MOVE 
IT!”
We arrive at the front of the next hall, which was a lot wider this time.
Taking a moments rest, the group all sat down while Samantha used part of her robe 
to create a makeshift bandage for what was left of Brald’s right arm.
Even AA class Adventurers that had their body augmented couldn’t completely handle 
the abrupt gas attacks from the holes.
Looking around, everyone had discouraged looks on their faces. This wasn’t even half 
way through the dungeon but we were already in a poor state, our leader critically 
injured.
“This is why I said to stay alert Lucas! If you had stayed focused and reacted in time to 
set up a barrier, I wouldn’t be in this state!” Brald’s handsome face was nowhere to be 
seen as he lashed out at the noble boy. His career as an Adventurer was probably gone 
after this. He’ll probably be demoted from his class once the Guild finds out of his 
crippling injury.
“Don’t blame me! It was your fault you couldn’t protect yourself in time!” He argued 
back.
“Are you fucking kidding me? Kriol had to save your ass! You didn’t do shit and you’re 
saying it’s my fault?” Brald yells as he prepares to swing his sword at the boy.
“ENOUGH!” I roar. The whole party turns silent at the power of my voice.
“There are a couple of choices we need to make. Reginald’s body is a bit burnt but I 
don’t think it’s that bad but Brald, you need to make the choice of whether you want 
to continue or not. We’re only a bit more than an hour from the surface so you can 
probably make it back up by yourself.” I state, staring at our leader through the slits of 
my mask.
“I’ll keep going. This will probably be my last dungeon raid so I might as well make it 
last.” He just turns his body and sits a couple feet away, cradling his right stump.
I turn my gaze to the noble boy who had a face that says he did nothing wrong. “Lucas.
You need to get your act together. It doesn’t matter whether you’re a light yellow core 
or God himself. Right now, the only thing you are is a liability. If you continue acting 
out on your own, you might as well just go on by yourself.”
He glares back at me but bites his lip, not knowing how to refute.
“Samantha and Elijah. We need you guys to stay focused to set up a barrier at 
moment’s notice.”
“Let’s get a couple hours of rest before we continue on.” I sit down next to Jasmine and 
take out a sack of water from my bag.
The group remained in silence before I go up to Brald. As minutes dragged into hours, 
his arm missing was getting to him. The confident, charismatic face was nowhere to 
be seen, replaced by a crazed look. “I think either Jasmine or I should take charge of 
this party. You’re in no condition.”
Brald’s eyes, dull and weary, study me before he starts eying everyone else in the 
group, who just looked away.
“Tch. Okay.” I didn’t like the mental state he was in. It wasn’t stable.
After a couple hours, we got up with our mana replenished and continued marching 
down. This hall wasn’t as long as the previous ones but at the end of the hall was a big, 
double door with chains locking them shut.
“I-I don’t get it. Even this part is different. The door this time wasn’t locked and it 
definitely wasn’t this big.” Brald shakes his head.
“The only thing that was the same was the first cave, where the Batrunners were.” He 
continues, studying the lock. He tries to touch it but with his dominant hand gone, he
just swung his stub in the air. After realizing, he just grumbles and goes to the back.
“Well, no use complaining about it now.” Reginald lifts his hammer and slams it against 
the door.
“BOOM!”
I could see Reginald visibly shocked by the sturdiness of the door.
“Impact Blast!” The door shudders but stays firm.
“Impact Blast!” The blow this time was harder and the lock crumbles. Stepping 
forward, he pulls the handles of the door and opens it.
“What the…”
Through the other side of the door was a field of grass that reminded me of a 
masterfully painted piece of art. It was a couple of hundred meters wide and I couldn’t 
even see the other end of the cave.
“Let me guess, this field wasn’t here last time either?” Reginald mutters, his eyes never 
leaving the scene in front of him.
“N-no…” Brald takes a deep breath, astounded as well.
Reginald just mumbles something under his breath and takes a step through the door, 
where we all followed in after.
This didn’t resemble a cave at all, where even the brightness within was enough to 
make our eyes squint. The rows of stalactites high up on the ceiling of the cave were 
the only things that reaffirmed our doubts that this was actually an underground 
cavern.
“Wow! It’s so pretty!” Samantha couldn’t help be in awe at the serene meadow.
There were tall trees and plants dotted across the field. Even I couldn’t help want to 
just lay down and relax here but ever since we walked through the door, the hairs on 
my body have been standing on its end, as if my body wants me to stay wary.
Everyone’s guards were down but I noticed that Jasmine and even Elijah kept darting 
their eyes around, looking out for anything suspicious.
“Something’s off. Keep your guards up guys.” I stay vigilant with my shortsword out 
and my left hand on the grip of Dawn’s Ballad that was still sheathed to my waist.
“Are you sure? I don’t even hear anything, let alone see much besides the grass and 
trees.” Kriol is a bit doubtful but raises his shield and wills water affinity mana into it.
I study my surroundings to see what was making me feel so tense. The light seemed 
to come from the stalactites that glowed much brighter than the ones from the 
previous caves. There was a slight haze all over the field that seemed insignificant, but 
that was it. There was literally nothing else besides the plants and this mist.
What am I missing?
I notice the mist around us gradually get thicker, so I could only make out the shapes 
of everyone around me.
*Thump*
“Clara? Is that you? H-how are you alive?”
I spin my head to the direction of the voice. I see that Kriol dropped his gigantic shield.
He’s holding his arms out looking at something in the distance.
“I knew you couldn’t be dead Clara! Stay there! I’m coming to get you!” Kriol bolts off, 
leaving his shield behind him.
“Stop! It’s dangerous!” I yell after him, but it’s too late as his figure fades out of sight.
Jasmine grabs my arm and sticks close. “I think the mist is an illusion.”
“I suspected that as well.” I nod in agreement. “Everyone! Stick together! This mist is 
playing tricks on our senses. Samantha, barrier!”
Huddling together, we face each other to discuss a plan inside the ball of water 
protecting us from the mist.
“Who’s Clara?” Samantha asks.
Reginald shakes his head. “I-it’s Kriol’s fiance e. But it’s impossible that she’s alive. I-I 
saw her get killed in a dungeon with my own two eyes. We buried her together!”
I could tell Reginald and Brald were both shaken up. The three have partied before a 
couple of times so the name Clara wasn’t news to them and hearing Kriol go after his 
dead fiance e wasn’t good news.
“What the hell is going on…” Lucas just mutters and I could tell by how hard he was 
gripping his staff that he was holding in the urge to blow this whole place up.
“Jasmine. Can you create a wind big enough to clear this mist around us?” I look 
towards my partner, hoping she could give me some good news. We didn’t have any 
wind attribute Conjurers here.
She looks down and answers. “Not big enough to clear it all away, but I can blow away 
a path.”
We give her a bit of space inside the ball of water as she starts emitting a green aura.
The wind picks up as it swirls and gathers to form a small whirlwind around her arms.
Her straight black hair lashes chaotically around her, as the mini tornadoes gathering 
in her arms get bigger and tears apart the water barrier.
While Augmenters’ biggest disadvantage compared to Conjurers are the usage of long 
ranged spells, after a certain level, Augmenters will be able to store and exert enough 
mana to use ranged techniques. Of course, however, the power and efficiency would 
be vastly inferior to a Conjurer of the same level.
The mist around us was getting thicker, limiting our field of vision to about a meter 
away from us. The once peaceful field of grass now has an ominous feel, almost as if 
this mist wants to swallow us whole.
“Storm’s Gale.”
The condensed whirlwinds swirling around Jasmine’s arms collide as she claps her 
hands together in front of her. The impact of the two tornadoes expands and bursts 
forward, shredding the mist into a clear path in front of us.
The once excited looks on everyone’s faces turn dim at the sight before us. The tornado 
revealed a path, but also uncovered something else.
There were tentacles of vines and branches that were making their way towards us.
“Enough of this!” Lucas points his tall staff towards the incoming wave of vines and 
mutters a spell.
“Crescent Ember!” Swinging his staff, the fire glowing on the tip of the staff shoots a 
large blade fire.
“BOOOM!”
The slithering vines and branches flinch back from the flame but other than a dark 
mark where the spell hit, they were unfazed.
“Shit! What kind of trees isn’t afraid of fire?” Brald grits his teeth as he ignites his 
broadsword in a fiery tornado and charges into the wave of vines that were crawling 
our way.
“Samantha! Elijah! Lucas! Support us!” I command, willing mana into my body and 
sword as well.
Jasmine rushes next to me, both daggers unsheathed. The spell she just used obviously 
drained a lot of her mana, but it didn’t do much as the mist already refilled the path 
the tornado spell created.
Reginald stayed behind to protect our Conjurers as they’re casting spells.
“RAAAAAHHH!” Brald is hacking away at the endless wave of vines that seem to come 
out of nowhere.
The vines seem to be regenerating faster than Brald is cutting them though, as I see 
him getting buried deeper and deeper inside.
That idiot. Is he really an AA class Adventurer? He’s lost his cool and his ability to pay 
attention to what’s happening around him is nonexistent.
I augment my sword in fire as well, speeding up to support our one-armed companion.
“Flame Whip.” The fire around my sword grows larger as a whip of fire forms from the 
base of the blade.
Lashing my weapon at the vines shooting themselves at me, a pile of dismembered 
branches form around me.
I keep tabs on Jasmine to make sure she’s okay but she seemed to be fine on her own 
as her body was a cyclone of blades, mincing any vines that came her direction.
Brald was having a harder time as I notice various gashes on his face and body.
“Spread and burn! Liquid Fire!” Lucas finishes his spell first as he shoots a fiery spray 
of red liquid from his staff while Reginald was blocking the incoming vines shooting 
at our Conjurers.
The three of us jump back to stay out of the way of the spell. I had to hand it to the 
noble brat that he’s still thinking straight in this situation. The spell Liquid Fire wasn’t 
as powerful as the actual fire spells but it spreads quickly and if not doused, the fire 
would keep spreading.
The spell lands on the torrent of vines, but before the liquid fire is even able to spread, 
the mist that was around us all gathered towards where the spell hit the vine.
*FSSSSSSSSSSS*
The spell didn’t even last two seconds as the liquid formed from the condensed mist 
doused it.
Lucas’s face pales as sweat drips down his neck. I think that last spell was as much as 
he could do for now.
“Crater.”
Elijah’s brows furrow as he finishes his spell. The ground underneath the wave of 
vines crumbles and a hole a couple of meters deep deter the vines from reaching us 
for now.
“Water drain!”
Samantha crumbles to her knees as she releases the powerful spell.
Water drain was a scary spell that sucked the surrounding area the spell affected of its 
water. The only drawback of this spell was the amount of mana it used for the limited 
amount of space.
*CRACKLE*
The rampant vines that were crawling out of the crater Elijah conjured were withering 
at a rapid pace as the moisture was sucked out of them.
Before the withering spread, the rest of the mist surrounding the cave swirled and 
gathered, sucked in by the vines. The dead brown vines were once again filled with 
vigor and seemed angrier, if that was even possible.
“N-no way…” Samantha’s drained face just slackens in shock.
The mist that once surrounded us was all absorbed into the huge wave of vines and 
our limited view was cleared.
As the mist was sucked into the vines, we all finally got to see what exactly it was we 
were up against.
Towering almost 20 meters above our heads was a gigantic mana beast. This mana 
beast looked humanoid to a certain degree, reminding me of a centaur. While it was 
made up completely of entangled vines and branches, the top half of its body was that 
of an armored man. The two green eyes that looked down at us were filled with pride 
and anger. Its two humanoid arms were holding unto a giant wooden lance that looked 
more like a drill. Its lower body was that of a horse, but instead of limbs, were an 
uncountable amount of vines.
For the last hour, the seven of us were literally battling against the feet of this mana 
beast.
“…I-I’ve read about that monster… That’s an S class mana beast named the EElderwood Guardian!” Samantha just stutters in horror as she just sinks in defeat.
“What’s an S class mana beast doing here? This is unheard of…” Reginald almost drops 
his giant hammer as he looks up at the Elderwood Guardian in horror.
An S class mana beast meant that he was on par with an SS class Adventurer or at least 
10 S class Adventurers.
“I-Isn’t that Kriol?” Reginald points at the lifeless torso and legs sticking out of the 
body of the mana beast.
“W-we’re doomed…” Brald has a crazy look on his face as he’s smiling madly at the 
giant mana beast. He already lost his arm and he was worn out from the fighting. This 
was probably the last straw for the veteran Adventurer.
“We have to run.” Jasmine pulls my hand, gesturing me to leave the party here and run 
away.
“What about them?” I mutter out, my eyes never leaving the gaze of the Elderwood
Guardian. Even if I wasn’t too close to any of them and I certainly wasn’t on close terms 
with Lucas, it wasn’t right to betray their trust as their leader like this.
“…”
She doesn’t respond as she tugs harder at me to move.
“BOOOOM!” The Elderwood Guardian thrusts his giant drill lance at us.
“Rock Shield!”
Elijah erects a flat wall of earth from the ground slanted, so the force of the drill is 
parried away from us.
Picking up his hammer, Reginald yells, “Impact Blast x10”
The giant hammer vibrates in his hands as it’s surrounded in a thick yellow aura.
“BOOBOOBOOBOOBOOOM!”
As the hammer hits the lance, multiple lumps form on the mana beast’s weapon and 
explodes from the inside.
Just as he’s about to land on the ground, the broken vines that made up the lance whirl 
and surround him.
“GAAAH! HELPP!! NOOOO!” The tendrils that formed the giant lance flurry around to 
mold back into its original shape but entangle Reginald inside.
*CRUNCH* *CRUNCH* *SNAP*
I hear Samantha hurl from the sound of Reginald’s body being grinded up into pieces.
Fuck.
The lance is formed back into its original shape, with the addition of Reginald’s body 
and weapon inside it. The Elderwood Guardian doesn’t have a mouth but from the 
look in its eyes, I feel like it’s gloating at us, as if we’re just bugs to him.
I grab Samantha who was still in shock and lift her up on my shoulders. “Jasmine! Grab 
Brald and let’s run! Lucas, Elijah! You have to try and block any incoming attacks until 
we get out of here!”
Jasmine picks up Brald who’s still laughing psychotically and we look back to see that 
the Elderwood Guardian was looking directly at us.
“We need to move!” Just as I will mana into my body…
“Fire bolts!” A blast of fire hits me square in the chest and I fly back, Samantha 
tumbling off to the side.
While the mana that was reinforced into my body and the fact that I had assimilated 
mana into my bones and muscles prevented me from sustaining serious injuries, my 
breath was still knocked out from the almost point-blank spell casted by Lucas.
Furious and baffled by the sudden betrayal, I peel my eyes away from the blond brat 
and look for Jasmine. She was knocked back much farther from the spell and was 
unconscious, but she didn’t seem to be dead.
“What the hell are you doing?” I hear Elijah yell for the first time as he points his staff 
at Lucas who was already heading towards the entrance of the cave.
“Pfft! You think I’ll risk my life to help all of you escape? Be honored that you’ll be the 
valiant heroes that stalled the beast enough for me to escape! I’ll tell everyone all 
about your courageous deeds!” He looks back giving me an arrogant smirk before 
casting a smokescreen spell.
*CRASH*
The ground splits around us as the Elderwood’s Lance pierces a hole where Lucas was 
in the smokescreen but he’s already gone.
“Fuck!” The stumbling Elijah curses while he straightens his glasses. The endless vines 
that make up the mana beast’s limbs manage to climb out of the crater left from 
Elijah’s spell and approach us.
“GRAAAAAAH!” The whole cave trembles as the gigantic mana beast’s beady green 
eyes turn bright red.
The Elderwood Guardian’s whole body disassembles into a tsunami of vines, 
destroying everything in its way as it’s almost upon us.
“HAHAHA!” I hear Brald’s maniacal laughter as he’s eaten up by the wave of vines.
Elijah’s brusque face pales and his legs are trembling while Jasmine is still in a daze 
from Lucas’s spell. It must’ve managed to catch her off guard before she had time to 
reinforce her body as I see some bleeding.
I start calculating the options I had left. Even if I were to use the first phase of my 
Beast’s Will, I can’t last long enough to save everyone and carry them out.
Fuck.
I don’t know how severe the recoil of this would be but I had no choice but to try.
I feel a surge of energy forming around my body and I’m surrounded by an aura of 
different colors.
“Phase Two. Dragon’s Awakening.”
“Kyuu?”
Undergoing Dragon’s Awakening seemed to startle Sylvie who was now frantically 
asking me what’s going on and why I was activating my second phase.
‘It’s fine Sylv. I want you to stay away for now and if anything happens, go back to the 
Helstea’s house for me.
‘No! I’m going to go towards you now Papa. Hold on!’ I could sense Sylvie getting closer 
but she’s still a few dozen kilometers away.
‘Stay away Sylv! Please! I need someone to tell my family what happens just in case.’ I 
say desperately.
I don’t know if I’m going to make it out of this alive, and I don’t want my family 
wondering what happened and why the ring activated.
‘Be careful… ’
‘Thanks Sylv.’
One of the abilities of my first phase, Acquire, allowed me to temporary separate 
myself from the space and time around me, which seemed to be one of Sylvia’s innate 
skills. That phase was limited in many ways because I’m not a dragon. The limited 
mana I have access to restricts what I can actually do when I activate the ‘Acquire’ 
phase.
The most efficient way, I realized when I was training with Grandpa Virion, was 
coupling the first phase with Thunderclap Impulse. I would activate my first phase in 
short millisecond bursts while the reaction time of my body is increased dramatically 
from my lightning skill; this allows me to react and counter almost anything. That was 
the best way I could think of for utilizing my first phase, since I can’t affect anything 
that’s “frozen” while the first phase is activated. Even though I can’t able to keep it up 
for long, that was my biggest trump card; the fact that the first phase of my beast will 
isn’t noticeable by those around me makes it all the more useful.
I think back to when I first used the ‘Acquire’ phase on someone else along with me 
that time at the auction house. Sebastian wasn’t able to communicate with anyone 
besides me since I separated us from the time and space of those around us. I could 
only last a few seconds before I was crippled in bed for the next day.
Right now, though, was one of those times where my first phase wouldn’t be so useful.
No matter how much I can react to this tsunami of vines, I could neither dodge it nor 
escape from it in one piece.
No choice.
*FWOOOOM*
I feel every pore in my body opening and a surge of mana flowing in and out of my 
body.
The air around me distorts and the ground below my feet starts cracking from the 
mana surrounding my body.
My vision shifts into black and white. The only colors I see are from the numerous 
particles of mana in the atmosphere around me, all shimmering to the corresponding 
elements they make up.
The surge of mana that was rampaging around me suddenly gets compressed into my 
body and the feeling of holding insurmountable power overwhelms me. The sense of 
superiority over everything, living or not, in this universe almost makes me go crazy.
I suppress the urge to destroy everything and everyone around me just because of 
how insignificant they seem to be compared to me now.
“Kuh!”
The mana in the atmosphere seems to bend to my will, as if even nature is under my 
command.
“Phase Two. Dragon’s Awakening… Integrate.”
The same markings that Sylvia once had, the golden yellow runes, run down my arms 
and back. I see my hair get longer, coming down to my shoulder, and the once auburn 
color of my hair was now a bright luminescent white, swaying from the swirl of energy 
constantly encompassing me. The Integrate phase seemed to make me look more like 
Sylvia.
Calming the voice inside my head that wants to go on a rampage, I look around.
Jasmine and Elijah are the only ones left. Elijah is next to Jasmine now, supporting her 
up with his shoulders while she’s still out of breath and sweating in pain from the 
point blank impact from Lucas’ spell. He’s looking at me with a dazed expression, his 
once serious face almost comical, as his glasses are crooked and his jaws slack.
“GRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAWRR”
The tsunami of vines that made up the Elderwood Guardian expands as a face is 
formed within the wave. The face was looking at me; the face that once looked at us 
like we were insects had a trace of fear in it now.
“Let’s play.” I smirk.
The world moves around me in slow motion as I jump up, willing wind unto my feet. I 
instantly clear the distance between the Elderwood Guardian and myself in a split 
second as a storming gale I propelled myself off with creates a crater bigger than the 
spell Elijah used.
“Thunderclap Impulse.” A surge of black lightning forms around my body as I 
effortlessly dodge the thousands of vines that shoot at me.
Every vine that the tendrils of black lightning surrounding me touches instantly 
disintegrates and withers away, but for every vine dead, ten more replace it. Using the 
vines that are shooting at me as a foothold, I breeze through the onslaught of vines 
that were the size of my body, covered in thorns, as I draw near the core of the 
Elderwood Guardian.
I could already feel the recoil from using the second phase as my body is trembling 
and I hold back the urge to vomit blood.
It was time to end this.
“White Fire…” Both my hands ignite and are engulfed in a blazing white flame that 
almost freezes the air around it. This was the most powerful offensive skill that I had 
in my arsenal, but one that was also the hardest to control. While my Lightning 
Attribute skills are focused more towards one vs. one situations, I steered my Ice 
Attribute techniques to create as much mayhem as possible, just in case I had a need 
for that.
The white fire ablaze in my hands grows bigger as I absorb the particles of water 
attribute mana particles into my body. Using the last of my strength I cast my final 
skill.
“…Absolute Zero.”
The Elderwood Guardian, who was in the form of a giant wave of entangled vines, 
rapidly turned into ice as the very atoms that made up the mana beast froze in place 
where the White Fire spread. The black lightning traced through the frozen tsunami 
of vines and instantly shattered it, leaving only the beast’s mana core.
*Cough*
The second phase wears off as I cough out blood, my body falling down along with the 
shimmering fragments of ice that once made up the legendary S class mana beast.
The last thing I hear is the distant echo of Sylv’s voice in my head.
“GAHHHHH!” The intense pain that shocks me awake leaves a stream of tears down 
my cheeks. I hurl both blood and the remains of the little food I had since I arrived in 
the dungeon as every muscle, every pore, every fiber of my body felt like it was getting 
sawed slowly by a jagged blade.
Fuck.
“You’re awake!” My body doesn’t stop trembling from the pain and I ignore the 
worried voice.
“G-glove. My glove.” I manage to cough out in between my cries of pain and the blood 
that keeps leaking out of my mouth.
“What about your glove?” I see Elijah’s face over mine now as he takes off the glove my 
parents gave me from my hand.
“B-break one of the c-crystals on the glove and give… me.” I almost pass out from the 
pain again, but before I do, Elijah manages to understand my stuttered instructions.
A surge of pleasant soothing light envelops my body, and the once unbearable pain 
eases enough so I can calm down a little. I try to get up but my body refuses to listen. 
Lying still on my back, I finally try to assess the situation, as my cognitive abilities 
aren’t completely focused on enduring the pain anymore.
Around us was dark and cramped, with the only source of light coming from a small 
fire in the middle.
“Where’s Jasmine?” I can move my neck at most, and I’m reminded of a very similar 
situation when I first fell from the cliff when I was four.
Oh man… good times.
“She’s over there.” I barely lift my head enough to see Jasmine laying against the other 
end the dark cramped place we were in. It’s evident she’s not doing so well as I hear 
her groaning while beads of sweat were streaming down her small face.
“She was hit a lot harder by Lucas’ spell and her body wasn’t willed with mana like 
yours. I had a medical kit on me so I treated the external burn on her belly but I suspect 
the burn to have caused some internal damage.” Elijah shakes his head while 
straightening his glasses.
I could see he wasn’t in a great shape himself. His tidy black hair was all over the place, 
like he just woke up and he had multiple bruises and cuts on his face.
I feel my face burn when I think about that traitorous twerp, Lucas.
“Use my glove on Jasmine. Crack another one of the gems on it and press it against her 
wounds.” I mutter out as the strength on my neck gives out and I’m stuck looking at 
the dark roof of wherever we were.
“Got it.” Elijah shuffles over to where Jasmine was and I hear a faint hum from the light 
that surrounded Jasmine.
Jasmine’s ragged breathing is noticeably steadier now and using my limited strength 
to look at her again, I see that her strained face was now calm.
“I think she’ll be fine with a couple hours of rest.” A rare smile escapes from Elijah’s 
stern face.
‘Papa! You’re awake now! Are you okay? I’m almost there!’ Sylvie’s voice chirps in my 
head.
‘I’m fine for now. I thought you said you had to finish up something… are you done 
with that?’ I quiz my infant dragon.
‘…No. I’m almost done though! I’ll find you after I’m done! I miss you Papa… ’ The 
disappointed voice of Sylvie almost tempts me to just tell her to come here, but I hold 
it in. I could feel the changes in Sylvie’s body somehow and I knew she was going 
through something important.
“I didn’t think that the legendary masked swordsman, aka Note, would be someone 
around my age.” My bespectacled companion’s voice stirs my train of thought.
“My mask!” My voice turns a little frantic as I notice for the first time that I wasn’t 
wearing the mask Vincent got me.
“S-sorry. It got blown off while you were falling. I couldn’t help looking while I was 
moving you two to safety.” I see him scratch his cheek, embarrassed.
“What about my sword? Did you see the black stick that I carried around?” My eyes 
dart around through the dim lighting.
My eyes catch the outline of my sword as Elijah points a bit to the right of the sleeping 
Jasmine. “Yeah, it’s besides Jasmine. I didn’t know if it was valuable or not but I kept it 
just in case.”
“Sigh… Thank you… for everything. For saving Jasmine and me and retrieving my 
sword when you could’ve easily escaped by yourself. Thank you.” I just let out a deep 
breath, as if a weight has been lifted.
“Haha… If I left you, that would’ve put me on the same level as that traitor Lucas then, 
wouldn’t it.” He shoots me a grin
“Heh… you’re right.” I let out a pained laugh too.
Elijah inches closer, sitting down next to me now. “Why did you stay anyways? I saw 
Jasmine pulling you to escape. I feel like you two could’ve escaped at that time.”
I can’t help but pause at his question. “A King never betrays the people who trust him!”
I smile which makes him scoff. “I promised someone very important to become a 
better person and to cherish the people around me.” I simply say.
“Pfft. You sound like an old man. We’re pretty young… I wonder what kind of life you 
had until now to have someone promise you that.” Elijah’s serious face was a lot more 
natural now, his stone face full of life.
“I sometimes wonder myself haha. How long have I been out for anyways?” I change 
the subject.
“It’s hard to tell but definitely more than a day. Jasmine woke up a couple of times in 
between but just barely so I could feed her.” He just answers, leaning back on the wall.
I inch myself painfully to sit up against the wall as well, Elijah helping me, when I 
notice that the wall was made of metal.
“This doesn’t seem to be naturally made. Where are we?” I feel the cold surface of the 
wall, tracing it back to the ground.
“I conjured it. I think the Elderwood Guardian’s body was supporting the whole level 
of the cave we were in. After you defeated it, the ground crumbled and once you landed 
on the ground, I built a small shelter to keep the rocks from burying us alive.” He lets 
out a sigh. Until now, he didn’t let out a single trace that he was a deviant, and a rather 
particular one at that.
Instead of being surprised though, my mind somehow felt at ease, as if the doubts that 
I had of him have been somewhat revealed to me. “I thought only Dwarves were only 
able to manipulate metal… and even then, I was taught that Dwarves could only 
manipulate existing metal, not create and conjure it.”
“So much for keeping secrets eh?” Elijah chuckles, sinking further down, a tired look 
on his face.
“Haha, tell me about it.” I laugh too, holding in the pain as my body protests to even 
the slightest movements.
“All right… but you have to tell me what the hell you did back there as well. Your hair 
turned white! A-and your eyes… they were glowing purple. There were these glowing 
runes that appeared on your body too!” He quivers at the scene that unfolded before 
him.
I just nod in agreement and let him continue.
“I am from the Darv Kingdom, but I’m not really sure where I came from. The elder 
that took care of me since I was little always avoided the subject of my parents so I 
never got a clear answer. About a year ago when I awakened, I created such a big 
implosion that my whole room just vanished. After getting trained for a little, I found 
out I was abnormally better in earth attribute spells than any other elements… like, to 
the point where I wouldn’t be able to cast anything but the most elementary spells in 
water, fire, or wind… even now.” Elijah is staring blankly at the palm of his hands.
“Since I awakened, my mana core has been condensing all on its own at a rapid pace.
I don’t even need to meditate for some reason. The elder that took care of me sent me 
to the Kingdom of Sapin as a representative and told me to make a name for myself 
and get along with the humans, but honestly, I don’t know why I’m doing this. After I 
broke into the dark orange stage, I had this weird feeling surge up in my body and 
before I knew it, a field of metal spikes conjured around me. I happened to be alone 
when it occurred so thankfully I didn’t kill anyone… but ever since then… I’ve been 
scared. Scared of what I am and scared of what I can do. I was excited at first about 
how strong I could be, but right now, I can barely control my powers. You know… I 
thought maybe I was a half dwarf at one point but I-I just don’t know what I am 
anymore.”
I look at Elijah, noticing that his hands were trembling as he quickly squeezed it into 
fists to control himself.
“…” I just lay back, silently. I’m not going to pretend like I understand him and any 
words I say now would just be empty words of comfort.
“Sometimes, I get this feeling… Like what I can do right now isn’t even the limit. I know 
it may sound weird but I get this nagging feeling that there’s something more to me, 
and that once I can control that power, I’ll know what I really am…… I’m sorry haha… 
this ended up being a therapy session for me hasn’t it?” The bespectacled boy that 
tried so hard to keep a stern, cold façade turned out to be fragile on the inside.
I grit my teeth, as I will my screaming body to sit upright to face Elijah. Staring into 
Elijah’s eyes, I see a trace of desperation but also gentleness and a firm pride in himself 
that reassures my decision. Years of being a King, representing my country, meeting 
all different kinds of people, I got the hang of being able to see the type of person 
someone was, and my impression of Elijah was that he could be a very loyal friend.
“I’m a Quadra Elemental Augmenter with two deviances: Ice and Lightning.” I simply 
state without hiding anything.
Before he has the chance to even react to the landmine I set off, I continue. “I’m also a 
Beast Tamer. What you saw back there was me activating my beast will.”
The hand that was supporting Elijah up as he leaned back against the metal wall he 
conjured slipped and he hit his head against the cold hard steel.
“Holy… *THUMP* Ouch!” He gets back up, rubbing his head.
“I thought I was a freak but I guess you win. W-wait… how old are you?” He asks.
“I turned 11 a couple of months ago.”
“No way! I’ll be 12 in a couple of months! I don’t know my exact birthdate but the Elder 
just made my birthday into the day he found me, January 10th. You know my name is 
Elijah, but I don’t know yours. What’s your name?” He sticks out his hand as a sign of 
friendship.
Grasping his hand with my own shaking hand, I respond with a smile. “Arthur. Arthur 
Leywin, but just call me Art.”
For the next several hours, we exchanged stories. Elijah’s childhood wasn’t that 
eventful before his awakening. He stayed with the elder since the dwarf children didn’t 
seem too fond of mingling with humans. Because of that, Elijah just spent most of his 
time reading various books. Listening to him talk and just hearing about his life, I could 
understand why he was a lot more mature for someone his age. He only talked with 
adults, mostly the elder that took care of him, and just living in a society where almost 
everyone would rather not have anything to do with you made him grow up a lot faster 
than he should have.
I broke the last gem of the glove to relieve the pain again when Jasmine woke up. As 
soon as her eyes open and she saw I was awake, she shot up and gave me a long hug. I 
could feel her tears as they fell on me.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t protect you…” was all she could manage to say while she was 
holding back her sobs.
“It’s okay Jasmine. I was the one being stubborn. I’m sorry I dragged you into this mess 
with me.” I pat her back. Was she always this small?
This body was now a bit past 11 but I was considered tall for my age. I’m about the 
same height as the petite Jasmine, which I never noticed until now. Growing up with 
her made me think that she’d always be bigger than me.
“Let’s go home guys.” I announce as both Jasmine and Elijah support me from both 
sides.
With both Jasmine and Elijah supporting my powerless body, we managed to make 
our way back to the surface of the dungeon, where we fought the Elderwood Guardian.
The once serene field of grass was in chaos as the floor had fissures and the trees were 
sunken.
“Let’s look for anyone who might’ve made it out. If not, at least a body to bury for their 
family.” I state, looking around at the mess around us.
Elijah shakes his head at this though. “Reginald and Brald were both frozen together 
with the mana beast from the last attack you used. I wasn’t close enough to save 
Samantha either, after she got knocked off of you and landed near the Elderwood 
Guardian. I conjured a metal shelter to keep her safe from the debris but I’m not sure 
if she made it.”
Amongst the pain of the recoil from using the second phase and worrying about 
Jasmine, I’m a bit ashamed to say that I didn’t really think about the rest of the party.
I guess when I didn’t see anyone else in the shelter with us; I automatically assumed 
they didn’t make it.
“Earth’s Pulse. Scan!” Elijah kneels down and places both hands on the ground. After 
initiating the spell, a pulse ran throughout the whole cave and from Elijah’s facial 
expression, I knew he found something.
“Samantha is still alive!” Elijah muttered a spell and rectified Samantha, who was 
buried inside the metal shelter he set up to protect her from the debris.
A sleek metallic tent rose from the ground and opened up in front of us to reveal the 
sorry state that Samantha was in.
Both her legs were broken in multiple places from where the Elderwood’s tendrils 
grabbed her and the rest of her body was cut up and bruised. Her legs had bones 
sticking out and from the color the wounds were turning, it was no doubt infected.
Jasmine rushes towards her and kneels down. “Samantha, can you hear me?
Everything is over. We’ll get you home. Hold on.”
Throughout the dungeon journey, Samantha, being the only other girl besides Jasmine, 
made numerous attempts to hold conversations with her. Her peppy personality was 
the exact opposite of Jasmine, but Jasmine eventually started talking to her more, even 
smiling at times.
Samantha’s face was pale and she was sweating profusely. I was going through my 
head how everyone was going to get home. Both Samantha and I were a liability that 
would slow down everyone.
Just as I was about to suggest that Elijah and Jasmine go back up first with Samantha, 
a noise makes me jump.
“ROOAAAAARR!”
“What’s going on now?” Elijah jumps too and he’s aiming his wand at wherever the 
noise was coming from.
‘Papa! I’m here!’
“Wait! Hold on Elijah, it’s okay!” I calm down Elijah before he can shoot off his spells.
I know that I said it’s okay, but when Sylvie lands in front of us, I have a hard time 
keeping calm myself.
“S-Sylv… you sure grew… a lot.” I manage to stammer out.
Sylvie, the small cat-like dragon that always sat on top of my head was now almost the 
spitting image of the dragon I named her after.
Her body wasn’t as big as Sylvia’s, but it was still around 8 meters long. I could now 
say with full confidence that Sylvie was indeed a dragon. Her scales were obsidian 
black, reflecting the light from the dungeon in an almost divine way. The two horns 
that she has are sharper and even more menacing than the titan’s horns I saw years 
ago. She had wings very similar to Sylvia’s, with pitch-black bladed feathers. The red 
spikes that she had on her back and tail weren’t there for some reason, but the scales 
along the ridges of her spine protruded making her appear even fiercer. Sylvie’s limbs 
were strong, armored with spikes at the elbow and knees and with sharp claws jutting 
out of her paws. Sylvie’s once adorable face was now filled with elegance and poise, 
from her black sclera and yellow irises; her eyes remind me of yellow jewels amidst 
the night sky. She lands in front of us and she brings her snout close to my face.
*Lick*
The power of her tongue licking up my face lifts me from the ground and leaves me 
wet with her saliva.
“OW! Sylvie careful… I’m hurt!” I weakly say on the ground.
‘Hehe sorry Papa.’ “GROOOAAAAWR”
“D-d-d-dragon… It’s a dragon!” Elijah’s in a daze now and keeps rubbing his eyes to 
see if he’s hallucinating, while even Jasmine, who knew that Sylv was a dragon, was 
slack-jawed.
“Elijah, this is my bond, Sylvie.” I reach my hand out to rub my dragon’s snout when 
her hind leg starts thumping the ground she coos in pleasure.
Pfft… she’s still the same Sylvie.
I face him now, putting on a serious face.“Jasmine already knows about this, but I want 
you to promise me to keep this a secret. The fact that you know Sylvie is a dragon 
means you know yourself how rare she is and what it would mean if her existence 
came into light.”
Elijah just nods frantically, his glasses crooked and hanging loose on his nose.
“We need to hurry though. It worked out well that Sylvie came when she did. Let’s 
move Samantha on Sylvie’s back.” I can now barely stand up on my own now, but 
walking more than a few steps was out of the question.
I watched as Elijah and Jasmine carefully loaded the still unconscious Samantha onto 
Sylv’s back before they helped me do the same.
It was decided that only Samantha and I would ride Sylv to the beginning cave of the 
dungeon while Jasmine would carry Elijah and follow close behind.
The journey back up only took a couple of hours compared to the full day we needed 
when we travelled down.
‘Sylv… can you still transform?’ I couldn’t help but ask on the way back up. It would be 
a lot harder to have her be with me if she could only stay in this form. Thankfully, it 
seemed that she still had the ability to change into her miniature shape.
‘What did you do during this time anyway? How did you grow up so quickly?’ I sent 
Sylv while lying down against her long neck.
‘I hunted a lot of monsters and ate their mana cores! I missed you a lot Papa but I felt 
like I had to do this when we got here.’ Her wings created another gust of wind when 
she flapped down, speeding up towards our destination.
It seemed like her body wasn’t able to grow without the help of consuming mana 
cores, which reminded me of the mana core the Elderwood Guardian dropped.
I cursed at myself. Even if I didn’t use it for myself, that would’ve been an invaluable 
asset to hold onto just in case.
When we arrived to the cave where the batrunners were, I was preparing myself to 
fight a couple of them in this crippled state, but to my surprise, when the batrunners 
saw Sylvie, they were so scared, they just buried their heads in the ground off in the 
opposite corner of the cave.
When Jasmine arrived an hour later, Sylvie’s body glowed and she shrank into the size 
of a kitten. Her appearance changed from before; her red spikes were gone and she 
was pitch black aside from the yellow slits of her irises. Her wings weren’t visible in 
this form and after her transformation was over, she just reminded me of a demonic 
black kitten.
“Cough!” Samantha stirred awake as she winced from the pain her legs gave her.
“Y-you guys all made it.” She gave us a weak smile, her lips cracking in the process.
“Stop talking, you need to save your energy. We’ll get you to a hospital soon.”
“L-look what I found~” Ignoring my nagging, she slowly reaches inside her robe and 
pulls out my mask and a dull green stone.
“The beast core!” Elijah looks excitedly at the item that would be worth fortunes as 
Samantha drops the items in my hands.
“Thank you.” I give her a smile and Samantha sinks back into sleep.
Putting on the mask, I turn to my guardian. “Jasmine, I want you and Elijah to go first 
to Guild Hall and get help back down here. I’ll stay here with Samantha.”
The both of them nod and head out. It’ll take them a couple more hours for them to go 
back there and come back. During this time, I’ll absorb the Elderwood’s beast core.
With that, and the fact that I assimilated my body with Sylvia’s Will, I should be able 
to make more than a full recovery.
Before I start meditating, I take out the parchment I got from the Twin Horns and 
record a message, telling my parents that I was fine and that I’ll be coming home soon.
I sat cross-legged and took a deep breath before absorbing the mana from the 
Elderwood’s beast core, all the while thinking of what I should do with Lucas.
I didn’t want to just settle for petty revenge. I wanted to do something more. He was 
from a very powerful family of notorious mages and his blood made him have a certain 
amount of protection from the elves. Of course with my connections with the royal 
family, I don’t think it would matter much but the Wykes family that he was a part of 
could make things complicated.
They arrived sooner than I anticipated because after only a couple of hours of 
meditation, I hear the footsteps of people coming this way.
By the uniforms the people that came in were wearing, I could tell that they were the 
medics Jasmine and Elijah were able to bring. Among the group of medics was 
Kaspian, who was sending out orders to medics and a couple Guild workers.
Hiding the mana core I didn’t finish absorbing, I watched as the medics worked on 
Samantha. They used a mixture of herbs to anesthetize her and were pushing back the 
bones into the right place. The field of medicine wasn’t that advanced in this world so 
I wasn’t sure that they would be able to fully heal Samantha’s legs, but I was relieved 
when I saw an Emitter amongst them.
Kaspian walked towards me and I stood up. “Good Evening Mr. Note. I didn’t expect 
for us to be meeting like this. Ms. Flamesworth has told me the situation and I know 
how you must feel.”
“Oh do you now? Then would you kindly inform me the current location of Lucas so 
that I may properly respond to his actions against our party?” I say through gritted 
teeth. My fists were clenched by the tone Kaspian was talking in because I knew he 
came here for the purpose of warning me to stay away from him.
“I must advise you Mr. Note that you should not take action against Mr. Wykes… right 
now.” He shakes his head, confirming my assumption.
“And why not ‘right now’? My identity is a secret and I have the capability to easily 
erase that bug’s existence. Do you think you have the power to protect him from me?”
My eyes coldly stare straight into the thin man.
“Of course I know I don’t possess the power to fight against you when you’re at your 
full strength Mr. Note but I assure you that I can pose a threat to you now.” He 
straightens his glasses. “But even if I could, I wouldn’t need to. Mr. Note, I am warning 
you because believe it or not, I do carry the obligation to care for you since you are 
affiliated with Mrs. Flamesworth, even if she is the estranged daughter of the house.
The Wykes are the type of people that will carry out revenge in the most extreme 
manner. Assuming that you do kill their precious Lucas Wykes, I know right now, you 
do not possess the power to kill the whole Wykes house. Even if they don’t know your 
identity, that won’t stop them from killing anyone that had anything to do with you.
This includes Mrs. Flamesworth and the people who she’s affiliated with, the Twin 
Horns. Going further than that, I believe the Wykes will further their revenge against 
you by going against all of the people close to the Twin Horns party, which includes 
Reynolds Leywin and his family.”
At that, I knew Kaspian at least had a suspicion of who I was. I don’t know how he 
managed to figure it out, but from his gaze, I knew that he was on to something.
“Like I said Mr. Note. I wish to be on your side. What I said about the Wykes family is 
all from previous events in the past so I can assure you that they will stop at nothing 
from wiping out anyone that had to do with you, even if it they aren’t directly related.
Until the day you hold the power and authority to protect the people you care for from 
them, I must advise you from acting against them for now. With that, I will now take 
my leave. The Adventurer, Samantha, must be taken back to a facility to be properly 
cared for.” Giving me a curt bow, we walk away towards Samantha, leaving me with a 
bitter taste in my mouth.
I could only laugh at the pitiful state I was in. He was right. Until I could wipe away the 
whole Wykes house, it would be dangerous for my family and friends if I act against 
them. No matter how much of an asshole he was, it wasn’t worth risking my loved 
ones.
Through clenched fists, I swore to myself that Lucas would regret this day.
Elijah and Jasmine both put a sympathetic hand on my shoulder and I just nodded 
back at them.
We arrived in the Guild Hall located on the outskirts of the Beast Glades a couple hours 
later. Samantha was now resting in the recovery facility and Jasmine, Elijah and I were 
resting on couches in a back room. Kaspian was moved from his office in Xyrus to this 
place and was seated behind his desk when the door opens.
“You guys managed to make it out alive!” Behind a group of what looked like guards 
was Lucas.
Kaspian literally face-palms at Lucas’ audacity and eyes me to remember what we 
talked about.
Elijah and Jasmine both get up from their seat and stare daggers at him, unsheathing 
their weapons while I remain seated. It took all that I had in me to rush in and kill the 
brat who betrayed us and was stupid enough to come here and mock us further.
I don’t know if it was because he was stupid or confident that he dared show himself 
in front of us, but I knew he was somewhat weary since he had a group of pretty 
powerful mages as guards who also had their weapons unsheathed in defense against 
my two companions.
“I wonder how you managed to escape from the beast. Did you have to sacrifice 
someone else to save yourselves? Samantha is a cripple now and I don’t see Brald… 
don’t tell me you sacrificed hi…”
A high-pitched screech was emitted from the tip of my index and middle fingers as a 
thin beam of condensed lightning shot out at Lucas.
I got the idea for this technique from my previous world. Using electromagnetism to 
create a condensed laser, it was a deadly attack but it did leave my hand numb for a 
couple of minutes because my own body wasn’t able to handle to force needed to 
create it.
Before anyone could even react, the thin beam pierced through Lucas’ left ear, erasing 
his left earlobe completely.
Holding in the urge to groan from the shock my own body felt from even the tiny beam, 
I face Lucas whose smug face was nowhere to be seen. “Before I make a hole in 
somewhere more important, you should leave and realize that your family can’t 
protect you for long.”
The guards realized after seeing Lucas’ ear that I somehow attacked him and instantly 
had their weapons against me when I got up and stared at them.
The elite guards that were protecting Lucas instinctively took a step back as their 
hands started shaking from fear. They were trained veterans that have killed and knew 
that, right now, their lives were in danger.
“Now now! Mr. Lucas, it wasn’t wise for you to show yourself like this. Let us leave it 
at this.” Kaspian ushered the group out the door, heaving a big sigh before facing me.
“You’ve controlled yourself the best you could today but I’m afraid you’ve made 
enemies with one of the strongest houses in the Kingdom of Sapin.” He shakes his 
head.
“That’s fine. He won’t take action from what happened today. Despite his conceited 
attitude, Lucas is cautious. He knows that, right now, if he doesn’t go against me, I 
won’t do anything.”
I get up, Sylvie, who was next to me, stirs awake and Samantha and Elijah follow 
behind me. It was time to go home.
Today’s silence isn’t my weakness. It was just the beginning for my revenge.
KASPIAN BLADEHEART’S POV:
After getting back to my seat to sort out the paperwork piled up, I look up to see that 
the masked Adventurer, Note, has come back by himself. Closing the door behind him, 
his baritone voice whispers in a barely audible voice.
“Mr. Bladeheart… I remember you saying that you would truly like to help me?”
The faint voice I hear through his mask sends a chill down my spine, as if every fiber 
of my body is screaming at me ‘danger’.
Ignoring my body’s protest, I put on stoic face, straightening my glasses before 
responding. “Yes. Your close connection to Mrs. Flamesworth as well as your own 
personal potential has been viewed favorably upon by the Guild.
“…I see.”
The Adventurer, who’s identity, or even age, I could not guess, was pondering before 
he looked back up. I know he was somehow connected to the Leywin household but 
even thorough background searches have turned out fruitless.
“I plan to take a very extensive break from being an Adventurer Kaspian, so I would 
like to ask you for a favor.”
“Please continue…” I respond after his slight pause, my curiosity aroused.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
There were some things to get settled before we were allowed to leave the Guild Hall.
For one, Lucas was to be stripped of his Adventurer’s license and all of its benefits.
That was the reason we saw him today; he had to be fully denounced of his position 
and stature as an A class Adventurer in front of a couple high-rank guild workers.
“…I hereby declare Conjurer Adventurer, Lucas Wykes, stripped of his A-class ranking 
for indirectly causing the death and almost fatal injury of his party members during a 
dungeon excursion. Intentional betrayal of fellow party members will, furthermore, 
prohibit him from becoming an Adventurer until otherwise stated by the Guild. You 
may now hand in your card.” The stern, elderly judge bangs the gavel, creating a loud 
echo too long to be natural.
This whole time, the noble half-elf brat had a look stitched on his face as if he’s 
swallowed a live frog, his eyes jutting back and forth between the judge and I, confused 
why I was with him in trial.
I could tell he was shocked by the direct retaliation from me, one that he couldn’t even 
react to. When he heard that we were alive, he was under the assumption that we 
somehow escaped from the Elderwood Guardian, not kill it. Now, his once confident 
gaze was filled with doubt as he’s obviously pondering what really happened down 
there.
That seed of doubt I just planted was something I meant to do, one that would make 
him more cautious. The skill “Railgun” I used on him was instant and tore a hole
through his earlobe. After experiencing such a fast defeat, it would lead to thoughts of 
whether he could defend himself against me in the future.
The skill I used was rather just a flashy one, one that served its purpose. The Railgun 
generated between my fingertips seemed to be deadly and casted instantly, but that 
wasn’t the truth. In order to generate enough power to essentially shoot a laser beam 
like that would take time and also create a much stronger recoil. The flashy beam I 
casted instantly was more of a condensed beam of light. The real reason I was able to 
tear a hole through him, and why I chose his earlobe was because I just threw a sharp 
fragment of my metal button at him, hidden by the harmless light beam.
While even the harmless condensed light that probably had enough power to only 
partially numb his ear did actually have a backlash on me, the high-pitched sound and 
the lightning aftereffect were an act that hopefully instilled a deep enough fear into 
the boy.
“Next to be put on trial is Augmenter Adventurer, Note. Faced with the clear enmity 
with Lucas Wykes and possibly the whole Wykes household displayed by the act of 
aggression against Lucas Wykes, I hereby declare temporary ban from Xyrus City 
during the whole duration of Lucas Wykes’ attendance at Xyrus Academy.” The gavel 
once again boomed throughout the small room, while the various shadows of Guild 
workers nodded in agreement and murmured amongst themselves.
Putting on my best angry voice, I lean forward on the podium. “Sir! I object to this 
punishment! Why am I to be reprimanded for Lucas’ betrayal at the dungeon?” I slam 
my fists down to further my point. All the while, Lucas’s cautious face turns smug and 
I could see the slight smirk on his face as he looks away from the judge.
I knew revoking his license didn’t mean much to him and with me “out of the way”, he 
didn’t have to worry about anything.
“Enough! We are aware of the circumstances, which is why we chose not to revoke 
your license, when normally, using spells inside the Guild Hall would be more than 
enough reason to. You will be allowed to continue being an Adventurer, as long as we 
do not catch you near Mr. Wykes or his family.” The judge’s stern face becomes even 
sharper as his gaze pierces through my mask.
“Wait! What about his identity sir? Wouldn’t he be able to easily take his mask off and 
slip through inside the city and potentially harm me or my family?” Lucas shoots his 
hand up and eyes me victoriously.
“We have already decided to have his identity recorded once this sentencing is over 
Mr. Wykes. You will not be allowed to know of Mr. Note’s identity for obvious reasons 
while select Guild Hall members will keep tabs on Mr. Note’s whereabouts, masked or 
not. This is not up for debate. This sentencing is over.” The judge declares and walks 
out before either of us have the chance to refute.
“Tch!” Lucas just walks out, escorted by his guards after he hands back his Adventurer 
card and gives me one last glance. “I hope you know what’s good for you and stay away 
from me.”
Ignoring the threat of the prepubescent Conjurer, I am escorted into the back room by 
several guards, following behind the judge and Guild workers.
Once the door closes behind me, the guards release their grip on my arms and the 
stern judge lets out a sigh.
“I trust that this little charade was to your satisfaction Mr. Note?” His sharp white 
eyebrows twitch a little.
“Thank you Judge for your participation in this.” I give a slight bow.
Shaking his head, giving me a helpless look. “No need. It is not on your behalf that I 
did this. I sincerely hope that I could trust that you will not cause any trouble after 
this. We will not be able to hide the truth from the Wykes family forever but as long as 
you do not go against them, they will not bother with you.”
“I understand. Kaspian mentioned to me a passageway where I can safely remove my 
“identity”, is that correct?” I look around the dim room.
“Yes, your acquaintances are waiting for you on the other side.” The judge fumbles 
around with a couple of the books on the shelf and suddenly a passage opens up from 
the ground.
“I bid you farewell Mr. Note and I do hope that you won’t cause us further trouble with 
the Wykes house.” Giving a curt nod, I exaggerate a salute to the guards and the judge, 
as well as the other Guild workers before entering the passageway.
Opening the door on the other side, I’m greeted by a head-butt from Sylv.
“Kyu!” ‘How did everything go Papa? Is it over now? Can we go home?’
The only other people that greeted me were Jasmine and Elijah. “Everything is over.
Let’s go back home guys.” Sylv hops onto my head.
After taking a couple of steps, Elijah asks, “Did you not want to visit Samantha?”
“I think it’ll be better I don’t visit her. Jasmine, maybe you should stop by the hospital 
next time to check up on her?” Jasmine was silent the whole time but she looks at me 
and nods.
During the discussion of future plans, Elijah looked a little disheartened, not saying 
much throughout the way.
We were still on the border of The Beast Glades so getting access to the teleportation 
portal to Xyrus would be the next order of things.
“Well, I guess we should split ways here right?” Scratching his untidy black hair, he 
looks at Jasmine and I with a weak smile.
“Huh? You’re not going to come with us, Elijah? Did you have something you needed 
to do?” I assumed he would be coming with us to Xyrus but thinking through, I 
should’ve realized he might have his own plans.
“W-what? I didn’t really have anything planned but is it really okay to come along with 
you?” He straightens his glasses and coughs, trying to cover his embarrassed face.
“Well you and Jasmine should go separately through the portal from me in case anyone 
suspects something but I thought it’ be good for you to stay with us for a bit before we 
go to school.” I shoot him a grin.
“W-we? I don’t understand. I never had plans to go to school.” He looks lost now so I 
stop teasing and go straight for the point.
“I’ve been thinking a lot after the dungeon. You said your goal is to make a name for 
yourself in this kingdom… right?” I put my arm over his neck.
Elijah just silently nods, still pondering what I’ve been planning.
“…Well! What better way to make yourself known by graduating from the most 
prestigious school in Sapin!” I exclaim.
Elijah’s bespectacled eyes widen and even Jasmine looks surprised by my idea. “But… 
how would I even get into the school? I mean… I might have the qualifications but not 
the background. Even the fact that I’m from Darv doesn’t give me any leeway into the 
school.”
“Lucky for you, I think I can give you that background. This big brother here can give 
you the opportunity to get you into the school. So how ‘bout it?” I chuckle while I still 
have my arm around his neck.
“Pfft! What big brother. You do realize I’m older than you right? Anyway… I’m still not 
sure about this.” Elijah just throws a light jab to my ribs.
“You know… Lucas is going to be attending Xyrus Academy. You’re not going to leave 
me there alone with him are you?” I squeeze him harder this time.
“I agree with Ar… Note. You can always go back to being an Adventurer later.” Jasmine 
looks around to see if anyone heard the mistake she almost slipped out.
“Alright alright! IF you can somehow get me in, I’ll go! Besides, someone’s going to 
have to hold you back from murdering Lucas on the first day of school!” The serious 
face that Elijah had lightens up as he smiles.
“Good! Jasmine, can you take Elijah back to the Helstea house? I have something I need 
to do first. I’ll catch up to you guys!” I push them in the direction to the portal that was 
still a good distance ahead.
Jasmine nods and leads Elijah away. After they were out of sight, my face turns serious 
underneath my mask and both Sylvie and I turn to our left.
“Come out.” I utter calmly.
With a swish, Kaspian appears next to us.
“I am glad you took some precautions by sending the two of them away first.” He 
simply nods.
“Thank you for getting the judge to play along in that act. I’m sure Lucas isn’t going to 
be on guard anytime soon.” I say.
“It is my pleasure. I am glad that it was solved without anyone dying.” He stares at me, 
implying the obvious.
I just shrug my shoulders as I walk away. “I advise you to take some more precautions 
Mr. Note. You have gotten over the hardest part but please do not let your guard down.”
Without looking back, I wave at Kaspian, heading towards the teleportation gate 
myself.
Elijah attending school won’t draw too much suspicion. Jasmine was close with the 
Helstea family now so having her vouch for Elijah will be natural. I made sure not to 
draw Dawn’s ballad whenever I was with Lucas on the journey. The only problem that 
may arise is from Sylvie.
Lucas has seen the small, feline form of Sylvie back at Guild Hall. Before I had the 
chance to even ask Sylvie, her body begins to glow.
Her pitch black scale turns white as the horns that she had disappears completely. The 
lizard-like tail that she had grows as the scales stick out. After the glow died down, I 
blink to make sure I wasn’t seeing things. The feline-lizard form that he was in is 
nowhere in sight as she now looks exactly like a fox. No scales at all and when I reach 
down to feel her, I notice that her fur wasn’t exactly fur but scales that have been 
narrowed down and elongated to give the form of a pelt. Her body was completely 
snow white except for her nose, the tip of her ears and tail and her paws, which were 
the original black that she was.
“Kyu!” ‘This is better right Papa?’ Her size was the same so she jumps up onto my head 
and makes a bed out of my hair.
‘The transformation made me tired. I’m going to sleep for a while Papa.’
“Y-yeah… sure Sylv.” I should be used to these things by now but Sylv continues to 
baffle me. Did all dragons have the ability to alter their forms so completely? I know 
that her main form was that of a dragon, like the one we saw down at the dungeon, 
but being able to change her color and size even more wholly than her blackminiature form was astounding.
Well… that conveniently gets rid of that problem.
I send both a pulse to the ground and a weak electric current into the air to make sure 
I was by myself before I reached town. I take off my mask and coat, placing it inside 
my bag.
Since we were still on the edge of the Beast Glades and the Grand Mountains, reaching 
the small town, I noticed it was filled with only Adventurers and merchants trying to 
survive and make a living. There wasn’t much to look at so I quickly sold my short 
sword, leaving me only with my black stick.
My last stop was the artifice. Opening the double doors, my vision is filled with various 
artifacts.
“Welcome to Ecvius Artifacts! Er… how may I help you?” A peppy young woman 
greeted me with a hint of confusion in her eyes as to why an eleven-year-old was all 
the way out here.
“Hi! I came here with my father who’s a merchant. He asked me to buy something for 
him here.” I flash an innocent smile.
“How cute! What is that small fox on your head?” She hops out from behind the 
counter to get a closer look at us. Sylvie was still sleeping so I just nonchalantly said 
that this infant mana beast was my father’s.
“I see I see. So, what can I help you with?” She clasps her hands eagerly.
“I’m looking for a small dimensional storage artifact.” Looking at her, I can tell she was 
shocked by what I just said.
Something I found while reading various books was that there is a special mineral 
located in this world capable of storing a couple times its size. None of the books went 
in depth about how it can do so, which tells me that they don’t really know either, but 
it was supposedly extremely rare and valuable.
Quickly gaining her senses, she puts on a smile and leads me to a room behind the 
counter. “Here, we have all of our most valuable items. This wall, we have all of our 
dimensional items.”
“I just need one big enough to store this.” I reach for Dawn’s Ballad that was strapped 
on my waist.
“Hmmm… if it’s only that, I think this ring would do it.” She says after looking through 
the shelves for a bit. After she picked out a small case, I looked to see it was an 
extravagant gold ring with a diamond imbedded into it, alongside other smaller gems.
“Err… do you have any that are less flamboyant?” I say while giving the ring back to 
her.
“Hmmm… most people ask for the flashiest jewelry when they ask for a dimensional 
storage artifact.” Scratching her head, she looks through more of the shelves in the 
small back room.
“Aha! How about this?” I open the small box she hands me and inside was a dull silver 
band.
“This ring is actually of higher quality than the gold ring I showed you before, but the 
smith that forged this insisted on leaving the ring in this plain state. This ring probably 
has enough space to fit your stick and a large luggage bag inside.” She says, flashing 
me a very business-like smile.
I didn’t waste any time in my decision. “I’ll take it.”
After haggling with the insistent woman, I managed to buy it for a couple of beast cores 
that I picked up from the dungeon and 200 gold. This was only because that was about 
all I had left. My total savings now consisted of a couple of silver and the S class 
Elderbeast core that I have partly used. I sighed in depression, reminiscing of the times 
when I could live happily with just a couple of copper coins back in Ashber town. The 
200 gold I received were from Guild and from Kaspian who, separately, gave me some 
to “take precautions with”. After slipping the ring into my right thumb, since it was too 
big for any of my other fingers, I willed mana into both the ring and my sword.
Instantly, the black sword glowed and got sucked up into the ring. I did the same with 
my mask and coat that was inside my bag and proceeded towards the teleportation 
gate.
I could never get used to the teleportation gate no matter how many times I go through 
it. The feeling of being stuck in a space where I had no control just didn’t sit right with 
me.
Twiddling the dimension ring stuck on my thumb, I couldn’t help but get a headache 
at how careful I would have to be once school started. Even the ring was bought so 
that I wouldn’t’ have to carry my sword around. While I never used my teal bladed 
sword as an Adventurer, I did have it sheathed on me at all times. Even Lucas eyed my 
black walking stick with curiosity while we were in the dungeon together.
Arriving at the other side of the gate in Xyrus, I heaved a big breath. I was home.
Catching a carriage home, I passed by the Academy that I’ll be attending. The premise 
was enormous and just looking at it from outside, anyone could tell how much time 
and resources the Kingdom put into this place. It seemed like its own little world 
inside of the city, with various structures and landscapes changing along the way.
“Sir, we have arrived at Helstea Manor.” The driver got off the front and opened the 
door for me, tipping his hat as I stepped off.
Handing him a couple of copper coins, I walked up the stairs I was so familiar with.
Sylv was still sleeping. I was getting worried at how much a toll transforming her body 
like that took on her, but after prodding her mentally, I was relieved that she was still 
just sleeping very heavily.
“BOOM!” The double front doors flung open and the girl that came flying out was a 
sight for my sore eyes.
“BROTHER WELCOME BACK!!!” My sister, Ellie, head-butts me in the stomach, almost 
knocking the wind out of me as she clings on for dear life.
Rubbing her face into my shirt, I couldn’t help but chuckle as I patted her head.
“Uuuu… you’re not leaving anymore right? You’re staying right?” Through teary eyes, 
my sister’s almond colored iris shimmered in a mix of emotions.
Peeling myself away from Ellie, I squat down a little so I’m eye level with her.
“Yeah, I’m back Ellie.” I give her my most sincere smile.
“EN!” She nods her head vigorously as if to say that I said the right answer. Ellie should 
be almost 8 now. Her birthday was a couple of months before mine so there’s always 
a period where she’s only 3 years younger than me. For most people, that wouldn’t 
matter but for some odd reason, Ellie never fails to mention after her birthday that 
she’s only 3 years apart. Looking at her carefully, I can tell she’s blossoming into a cute 
young lady. Her puppy eyes became more prominent as she lost some of the baby fat 
in her face; her perky nose red from crying.
I started internally panicking a little for the near future when she would start dating.
The day she brings home a boy would be the day I will unleash the full extent of my 
goddamn powers.
“Arthur!” My mother comes running forward alongside my father, both of who have an 
expression that seemed to smile and cry at the same time.
My father, who seemed to be getting more and more muscular, instantly picked me up.
“My boy! HAHA! You’ve grown so much!” My father’s beard was a bit longer now and 
I can see some wrinkles near his eyes and mouth.
My mother grabs my hand and places it on her cheek, not saying anything except for 
a few quiet sobs.
“Idiot son! Do you know how worried I was when my ring activated? I thought you 
were dead!” She looks up at me and the angry face she tried to put on disappeared and 
was replaced with a bright, teary smile.
“Your mother couldn’t sleep for days after the ring activated. I kept telling her that 
everything will be fine and that something just must’ve happened to your ring. I know 
my son wouldn’t die that easily!” He tried to comfort me, but the guilt was still just as 
heavy.
Putting me down, my father continues, “Thankfully, the status on the masked 
swordsman, or Note, was updated at Guild Hall, saying that you and your party arrived 
at the branch near the Beast Glades.”
“I’m sorry Mom, Dad, Ellie for worrying you guys again. I seem to cause nothing but 
concerns for you guys haha.” I scratch my head as my mother continues to hold onto 
my other hand with Ellie comforting her.
Shaking her head, my mother looks up at me. “It’s a parent’s job to worry about her 
children, although you seem to do your end of the bargain a little too well. Ellie was 
waiting by the window the whole day since your friend Elijah came with Jasmine.”
“MOM!! That was supposed to be a secret!!” She started pouting while she started 
softly hitting our mother on the back, making us all start laughing.
“Arthur!” “Art!” I hear two voices. I look up at the top of the stairs and I see Elijah, and 
Vincent with Tabitha. The friend that I made in the dungeon came down first and put 
his arm around my neck, half strangling me as he puts his weight on top of me. “Took 
you long enough to get here! Jasmine already went back with the Twin Horns. Did you 
decide to go on a touring trip?” We both chuckled. Elijah seemed a lot more expressive 
these days, almost making me forget the nearly robotic face he had when I first saw 
him at the testing grounds.
“Arthur Leywin! The prodigious son is back!” Vincent clasps my back as he gives me 
as big of a bear hug as he can with his thin body.
“We’re glad you’re back safe, Arthur.” Tabitha follows behind him and gives me a hug 
as well. The Helstea couple hasn’t changed much and was as lively as ever.
“Thank you for taking care of my family Mr. Helstea, Mrs. Helstea.” I smile and give a 
polite bow.
“Now now! You’re going to make me angry if you stay so formal with us!” Vincent 
shakes his finger while pretending to be angry.
“He’s right you know. Please, Arthur, your family is a part of our family. I hope you can 
just call us Aunt and Uncle.” Tabitha gently strokes my head.
I nod and start looking around. There’s one person missing from the Helstea family.
Before I can ask, Vincent seems to have noticed who I was looking for.
“Hehe. If you’re looking for Lily, she’s not here.” Vincent has a wicked grin on his face 
while Tabitha just rolls her eyes at him.
“Lily got accepted into Xyrus Academy thanks to you. She started attending last fall 
semester of the Academy after she turned 12.” Tabitha also has a warm smile on her 
face.
My eyes widen at the good news. “Wow! My parents did mention it but Wow! Lily 
really did it! She’ a student now!” I smile broadly.
Tabitha nods at this. “Yes. She really wanted to be here when you came back to tell you 
herself but unfortunately, spring semester started so she’s stuck in the dorms until 
break.”
Vincent laughs urging both our families and Elijah to the living room.
We discussed about my time as an Adventurer. There were some things I left out for 
my family’s sake. I eyed Elijah when I skipped the part where Lucas betrayed us. I 
didn’t want either my family or the Helstea family getting involved.
My sister was wide eyed the whole time while I was telling the time while Elijah and I 
were in the dungeon. She had the expression that I was telling her a fantasy bedtime 
story with all of the dungeon monsters and magic involved. The audience couldn’t 
believe it when Elijah continued the story on for me and told them about how I 
defeated the Elderwood Guardian. My father and Vincent’s jaws were slacked when I 
just shot them a grin and pulled out the core.
“Speaking of which. Dad, what stage are you at?” I asked.
Giving me an embarrassed chuckle, he says, “I’ve been stuck at the bottleneck of the 
dark orange stage since you left. No matter how much I meditate and purify mana, I 
can’t seem to break through.”
“Perfect. Dad, you should use this then. I had to use a little bit of it while I was healing 
but there should be enough in this beast core to help you break through.” Without 
giving him a chance to decline, I toss him the dull green core.
“No. Arthur. This is something you fought for with your life. I can’t just take this from 
you.” My father tries to give me back the core when Vincent stops him.
“Reynolds, the boy must have his reasons. You’re his father for God’s sake. Get stronger, 
it’ll help me as well haha!”
Tabitha just chuckled at this. “Alice, your son brought quite the present.”
My mother just sighs helplessly while Ellie starts studying the dull green core in my 
father’s hands.
“Dad, please take it and use it. You need to catch up to me.” I look at my dad, trying to 
make light of the fact that I gave him something invaluable. After telling everyone that 
I was at the light orange stage, I received even more faces of shock, although not as 
much as it used to be. I guess they’re grown accustomed to my abnormal talent.
Reluctantly, my father accepts it and puts it away in his pocket. The next order of 
things was about Elijah. He told everyone of his background already before I got there 
but I clarified that he was both a close friend, and a benefactor who saved both 
Jasmine’s and my life. Continuing on, I turned to Vincent and asked if it was possible 
to enroll Elijah to Xyrus Academy.
After pondering for a bit, Vincent agreed to sponsor Elijah under the Helstea House to 
Xyrus Academy. Vincent excused himself first, saying that he was going to write a letter 
to Cynthia Goodsky, the Director of Xyrus Academy. My father went out into the 
backyard, saying he was going to start training immediately so it was just my mother, 
Ellie, Elijah, Tabitha and I.
My mother and Tabitha took turns asking me about more details while I was 
Adventuring and my mother insisted I take a checkup from her to make sure I didn’t 
have any lasting wounds. I told her I was fine and that I used the glove she gave me to 
good use. She didn’t seem too happy about the fact that I actually had to use it on 
myself but was just glad I was still in one piece.
I talked a bit more with my baby sister. She was curious as to why Sylvie changed 
appearance and why she was sleeping. After explaining that she was tired from the 
Adventure, I realized how drained I was.
“Mom, Aunt Tabitha, I think I’m going to head up with Elijah as well. I feel a bit tired 
from the journey.” Elijah gets up after me.
“Of course. Don’t forget to wash up before sleeping.” My mother smiles at us.
“Goodnight Brother! Goodnight Elijah!” My sister chimes.
After excusing ourselves, Elijah and I head up to my room. “Elijah, you wash up first, 
I’m going to organize my things.”
The maid brought the set of sleepwear I asked for and I placed it in front of the shower 
for Elijah.
“Dude! I’m naked!” Suddenly realizing that I had a full view of his ‘Elijah junior’ he 
covered his lower body with his hands.
“Pfft! Relax, I can’t even make it out because of the steam.” I just grin before leaving 
the bathroom.
Elijah comes out of the shower in the pajamas with his hair still wet and glasses fogged 
up.
“Your turn.” He says while drying his hair with a towel.
The hot shower was bliss. I carefully cleaned Sylvie with the damp washcloth but it 
didn’t seem to bother her at all, still not stirring awake from her slumber.
After both of us were clean, Elijah and I talked on my bed, Sylvie in my lap.
“Do you think we’ll learn a lot at Xyrus Academy?” Elijah is trying hard to keep from 
smiling. It was obvious how happy he was to be going to school.
“Who knows? I imagine it’ll be a little boring no? Both of us are well above the skill 
level of the first years there.” I shrug.
Elijah continues, “But there will be people from all those powerful houses. I imagine 
there will be a few who can be on my level right? I’m really excited to learn how to 
start controlling my powers. I’m glad that Xyrus has a lot of famous mages to learn 
from.”
“Yeah. I think it’ll be useful learning more about Lightning and Ice attribute skills.” I
look down at my hands. These hands have grown a lot faster than I imagined. Just a 
few years ago, my hands were that of an infant, but it was now a lot bigger and it’ll 
continue to grow, just like my powers. I couldn’t help getting excited as well at the 
future to come.
Elijah interrupts my train of thought. “So what are you going to do about Lucas?”
I grow serious. “Lucas has no idea who I am and until I’m confident that I can confront 
his whole house, I’ll have it stay that way for the time being. I need to train harder than 
before.”
“Well you know you can count me in. Lucas is probably going to have it out for me 
when he sees me but he doesn’t think too much of me. I can’t believe that jerk tried to 
sacrifice us so that he could escape.” Elijah’s fists turn white as he trembles from anger.
“I know. He’s going to pay for everything he did, but no matter what, we can’t act 
against him yet.” I lay down on the right side of the bed, placing Sylvie, who was curled 
up, by my pillow.
Elijah lies down on the other side of the bed. After a few moments of silence, he turns 
his head my way.
“…”
“Hey Art. Do you think I’ll find a girlfriend at Xyrus?”
“Pfft! THAT’s what you were thinking of right now?” I get into a fit of laughter while 
Elijah blushes a deep red and starts kicking me from his side of the bed. “I’m being 
totally serious man! I hope there are a lot of pretty girls at Xyrus.” He sighs.
“For such a serious looking guy, you sure worry about normal things. Don’t worry.
There will be plenty of rich pretty spoiled brats at Xyrus to take your pick from. Just 
wow them with your metal magic haha!”
“Screw you! I bet you won’t have trouble being popular, with your prince-like 
features… And you know I have trouble controlling my magic.” He turns away so his 
back is facing me.
“Don’t worry Elijah. We still have more than half a year until school starts. I’ll help you 
get better control of your mana manipulation before then.” I state.
After a brief pause, Elijah mutters a soft thank you without turning. What a shy boy.
“Goodnight perv. If you start coming unto me while you dream about a cute girl, I 
swear I’ll shock you.” I laugh, turning away as well.
“Pfft, don’t worry. Goodnight.” He retorts.
My mind, which was once filled with various thoughts on the future, starts going blank 
as I nod off to sleep.
A dim ray of the rising sun managed to peek through a gap in the curtains right into 
my eyes waking me up rather pleasantly. These days, Elijah or Ellie usually wake me 
up so it’s been a while since I’ve gotten up before either of them.
Sylvie, she ended up sleeping for 4 days straight before waking up. She explained to 
me how changing her body like that takes quite a long time to recover from, and she 
wasn’t able to do it often.
It was only a little past dawn so the manor that was always bustling with maids and 
Ellie was still very peaceful except for the few cooks in the kitchen getting ready for 
the day. Not bothering to wash up, I made my way to the backyard where I felt 
fluctuations in the mana. As expected, my father was busy training, absorbing the S 
class beast core I retrieved from the dungeon.
Not wanting to disturb his training, I found a place to sit next to him and I began 
studying his aura. My father, Reynolds Leywin, ex party member of the Twin Horns, 
was stuck at a bottleneck, not able to overcome past the dark orange stage. I’ve spent 
a lot of time overlooking the mana circulation in my father’s body, as well as Elijah’s.
As expected, Elijah’s mana veins, the veins responsible for absorbing mana from the 
surrounding atmosphere, were incredibly wide. My father, on the other hand, as an 
Augmenter, had much more developed mana channels, the arteries that allowed 
diverse distribution of mana throughout the body.
“Ah you’re up early today Son. Why didn’t you say anything?” My father got up, wiping 
the sweat off of his face and neck with a towel he had on his lap.
“I didn’t want to disturb your training Dad. How are things going?” I get up too and 
start stretching.
“I just finished absorbing the rest of the beast core, but for some reason, the core didn’t 
crumble.” He hands back the S class core to me. After the purified mana stored inside 
the beast core is depleted, the beast core will crumble into fine dust.
Curious as well, I put it into my pocket to study later. After I got back, I’ve been training 
my father and Elijah whenever I can while I train by myself at night. Until now, my 
father has been busy absorbing the beast core but looking at his aura now, I could see 
a noticeable change.
Noticing my inquisitive look, he shoots me a smirk and tosses me his dirty towel. “Your 
father has now passed the dark orange stage into the solid orange stage.”
I laugh as my father starts flexing his muscles in demonstration of his accomplishments.
“Congrats Dad. Now that you’re at solid orange stage, I think it’ll be okay to teach you 
something I’ve been messing around with.” I hang the towel on a nearby chair.
Giving me a curious look, he beckons for me to continue.
Focusing a tiny bit of mana into the palm of my right hand, I will a small flame to ignite. 
“Here is the most basic flame attribute technique you learn, Ember.” I throw the small 
flame from my palm unto the towel that was hanging off the nearby metal chair.
As expected, the small flame, by the time it reached the towel, was so diluted that all 
it left was a tiny black soot mark in the middle of the white towel.
“If you’re talking about mana theory, it’s not anything new to me, Son. For Augmenters, 
since we produce mana from within our bodies, the farther the mana travels away 
from us, the more diluted and weaker it becomes.”
“I wasn’t trying to demonstrate mana theory. That’ll be for next time Dad.” I wag my 
finger at him, earning me a hard thump on my head for being a smartass.
Rubbing my head, I will another small portion of mana into the palm of my hand. I 
ignite another flame but whereas the first time the color of the flame was bright red; 
this time it was orange. “Now watch Dad.” I throw the small flame, that was the same 
size as the previous flame, at the towel again but this time, it burned a small hole 
through the towel.
My father didn’t show much of a reaction. “Didn’t you just add more mana unto the 
flame to make it stronger?”
Shaking my head, I explain. “If I added more mana, the flame would be bigger. Dad, did 
you notice the color of the flame?”
“Yeah, the color was a bit lighter, more orange.” He scratches his head, trying to piece 
this puzzle together.
“That’s the key! What I did just now was a technique that is considered a high level 
spell by Conjurers to use only.” I grew excited as I began explaining it to him.
“You see Dad, fire’s temperature, or more accurately, the rate of combustion depends 
on a mix of different things: the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere, black-body 
radiation, the type of fuel being burned, the oxidation of the fuel and so on. The socalled ‘fuel’ being burned, in this case is fire attribute mana. What I discovered while 
playing around with it is how versatile this ‘fuel’ can be. That orange flame, Dad, was
a flame much hotter than the previous one, making it even stronger.” I stop to take a 
breath.
My father gives me an expression as if I talked to him in Hebrew but he understood 
the last portion of my explanation. “So what you’re saying is that, by using the same 
amount of mana, I can produce an even hotter flame for my techniques?” He fiddles 
with his beard while pondering.
“Exactly! Watch, it can go even further.” I demonstrate again, this time producing a 
yellow flame, which left an even bigger hole in the towel, with the ridges still aflame.
I don’t stop there. The last demonstration takes a bit more time, as I have to 
manipulate very carefully the fire attribute mana in my palm. After a couple of 
minutes, I produce a dim blue flame, which makes my father’s eye go wide. Upon 
throwing the blue flame at the towel, the towel instantly combusts and the fire spreads 
rapidly, eating away at the towel until only ashes are left.
“Are you sure you’re my son?” My father gives me a suspicious eye before smiling.
Smiling back, I say, “I must’ve gotten Mom’s brain right?”
Elijah walks in, his head a bird’s nest and glasses crooked, looking at me clinched in a 
headlock by my father who was squeezing hard at my nose while I tapped in 
resignation.
“What are you guys doing…” is all he says while he rubs his eyes.
““Training.”” We say at the same time. My voice nasally from having my nose squeezed.
I give my father a few key pointers in controlling the structure of his flame attribute 
mana so he could produce higher-level flames. “Son, why did I have to become a solid 
orange stage in order to learn this though?” He says while seated in a mediation 
position. Changing the structure of the attribute mana is basically the essence of 
chanting a spell. Using vocal incantations can condition the brain to change the 
structure of the mana in the atmosphere to create a spell.
“The higher your mana core stage, not only do you have a larger pool of mana to draw 
out from, the mana itself becomes of higher quality so you can have more control over 
the miniscule properties of it.” I clarify, turning my focus unto Elijah.
Nodding in understanding, my father goes back to training, holding his right palm up 
and willing mana into it.
Elijah’s training was a bit slower. What I realized with Elijah is that his control over 
his main element, Earth, is unstable, metal even more. It’s not so much as a problem 
with mana manipulation of the earth attribute mana but more so the quantity. Elijah’s 
lack of control over the strength of his power made it so he couldn’t make precise and 
coordinated spells.
One thing that continues to baffle me about Elijah’s magic is how unfair it is. Earth is 
powerful, yet limited in the sense that Conjurers and Augmenters alike can only make 
do with the earth that is around them. Most of the time, that isn’t a problem, but it still 
gives a certain amount of predictability in the attacks that earth mages use.
Elijah, on the other hand, seems to have the ability to change the structure of 
molecules and change it into earth. The closest thing I could think of that may explain 
it is something akin to alchemy. Elijah, as an example, can summon earth spikes from 
trees and buildings made of wood. A limitation is that he isn’t able to conjure earth 
spells from water or thin air, but his capability to so easily change the structure of 
earth and its properties scare me.
When I think about the possibilities his power has, I think of the spell petrification.
When normal Earth Conjurers use the petrification spell, it is actually just using the 
surrounding earth to form around a human, “petrifying” him. Elijah, on the other hand, 
if he became adept enough, could literally change a human into stone.
I shake my head to dismiss those scary thoughts. I’m just glad that Elijah is a friend, 
not a foe. Elijah’s practice consists of playing around with a small ball of earth. He is 
practicing doing different things with the small ball of earth: Rotating it really fast, 
changing the shape of it, expanding it, condensing it, splitting it into different pieces, 
etc. This way, he can train both his mana control and shortening his incantations by 
learning the so-called “theory” of how the spells work.
I go back into my room, leaving Elijah and my father to train. Looking at my bed, I see 
Sylvie still sleeping. The transformation still seems to have a small toll on her body.
She either takes longer sleeps at times, or a separate nap. Fortunately, these periods 
of sleep have been getting shorter so I’m hopeful that in a few weeks, she’ll return to 
normal.
Sitting on the edge of the bed, I take a look at the S-class beast core, probing it with a 
string of mana. The mana inside has been depleted so I was curious as to why it didn’t 
dissolve but upon probing a bit deeper, I feel a sharp pain on my left arm that makes 
me drop the beast core.
“What the hell?”I rub the tattoo that I always covered underneath the feather of Sylvia.
Carefully picking up the beast core again, I probe it once more, even more intrigued 
than before. Suddenly, inside the vast black space of the beast core that I was studying, 
the figure of the Elderwood Guardian that I almost lost my life to appears, bowing at 
me with its lance pointed directly upward.
“A beast will!” I tremble in excitement as I clutch harder at the invaluable prize I 
obtained from the dungeon. What would happen if I were to integrate with two 
beasts? Was that possible? Would I then have two? Or would this one replace my 
Dragon’s Will?
While I was thinking of these things, a sudden feeling interrupts me. It wasn’t as 
intimate as the mental transmissions I have with Sylvie but a primitive form of 
communication. Realizing that it’s from the will of the Elderwood Guardian, I will 
more mana into the beast core, hoping it’ll somehow allow me to have a better 
connection with it.
“I see…” I can’t help but feel a bit disappointed as I let go of the beast core. From what 
the Elderwood Guardian was trying to express, if I were to try and absorb this beast’s 
will, only the stronger of the two will end up being left. It made sense, but what I didn’t 
understand was, why wasn’t my father able to absorb the beast’s will?
I realized the answer almost immediately after remembering what Grandpa Virion, 
that crazy old elf, taught me a few years back. There was the matter of compatibility 
between the beast’s element and the mage’s element attribute.
I can’t help but let out a small smile knowing who to give this to.
‘Good morning Papa! Why are you smiling?’ Sylvie cuddles up on my lap and purrs 
when I pet her.
“I’m just thinking of how fun school is going to be.” I answer.
“BROTHER WAKE… oh!” My sister slams the door open but sees awake me petting 
Sylvie.
I walk up and also pat my sister’s small head. “Let’s go eat!”
“Whew.” Wiping the sweat off my body with a towel I hung nearby, I put my robe back 
on. I was in the backyard patio with only the full moon illuminating the area. Sylvie 
was curled up beside me, her now white fur heaving up and down, matching the pace 
of her breathing.
With everyone else sleeping, I had the peace of training to my heart’s content. These 
past few weeks, I’ve been doing little outside of training myself as well as helping the 
growth of Elijah and my father, with a little bit of pointers for my baby sister as well.
Ellie hasn’t been training much but her progress is still pretty decent. I predict that 
she’ll awaken around 11 if she keeps at her pace, maybe even 10 if she actually starts 
trying more. I find it oddly satisfying when I watch my sister play with her friends she 
made at the School for Ladies she attends.
This was basically just a small class of noble young girls gathered together to be taught 
etiquette and basic household skills. While I’ve known this before, the general 
population believes that “proper” and “refined” ladies should have both the manners 
and grace of a queen, while still able to cook and sew for her husband.
In the world I lived before, women worked just as much as men, and the whole 
“women should stay at home” saying became a taboo, often incurring the wrath of 
many females if said aloud.
Ellie was asleep now after creating a fuss, saying she wouldn’t go to bed if I didn’t stay 
with her until she fell asleep. This makes me chuckle when I compare that spoiled 
behavior to the refined, graceful façade she put on in front of her friends, acting all 
lady-like or what not. I almost burst out laughing when she addressed me as “dear 
honorable brother” in front of the couple girls her age she was having a tea party with.
My sister’s birthday was coming up soon and I could tell she was eager as to what 
present I would give her. Knowing her, she would probably love whatever I gave her 
as long as I gave it some thought, but with my personality, I wanted to give her 
something functional as well. The problem was, I was out of money. This blasted 
dimension ring cost me all the gold I earned as an Adventurer.
I thought a little bit about what I could do to earn money when something came to 
mind. One obvious advantage I had was my mind filled with ideas and inventions that 
haven’t been developed in this world yet.
With a satisfied grin on my face, I turn back to training. There were two things I was 
focusing on outside of developing my mana core, which I estimate will reach dark 
yellow stage by the time school starts in autumn. One was training heavily on my 
Lightning and Ice attribute skills, which are by far my strongest assets.
I’ve decided that I will keep my fire or water, alongside lightning and ice, skills a secret 
during my stay at Xyrus Academy. I think being an adept dual-elemental Augmenter is 
the most attention I would want during my years there. Since Lucas has only seen me 
use fire elemental skills during the dungeon excursion and the testing ground, it’ll be 
even harder for him to fit the pieces together if I only use earth and wind magic. If I 
purposely don’t train my earth and wind magic at all until I enter the Academy, I think 
it’ll be more than enough to pass off as just a ‘talented genius’ that won’t raise too 
many eyebrows.
I opened one of the books I brought with me from the library. I managed to find some 
of the limited books on deviation skills, containing a few segments on lightning and 
ice. It seems that, for lightning, there are two main methods that Augmenters opt 
towards. One was internal, and other was external. Because of the unique properties 
of lightning compared to other elements and their deviants, there are some 
individuals who focus on using internal lightning skills, which is stated as much more 
difficult.
Thunderclap Impulse is one of the internal lightning techniques that I developed, 
which could have said as the stepping stone into much more powerful skills. The book 
only goes to say that, for internal lightning users, most reach a ceiling quite early on 
and switch to external techniques to learn. This means that internal lightning skills 
haven’t been developed enough for people to actually find advantages in.
This is also the route that I chose to go to. While I will have some external lightning 
skills under my belt, I know from experience just how much more powerful internal 
skills are compared to the external counterparts. Of course, it may not be as flashy but 
what I want isn’t a dazzling light show, but absolute power. It’ll take time and patience 
to develop but I already know the rewards will be tremendous as I imagine a level 
above just using a small current of lightning to quicken my reaction.
As for my Ice elemental skills, I want to focus on wide range skills, focusing on fighting 
against multiple opponents. The combination skill of White Fire and Absolute Zero is 
my strongest skill, which I can only use under the massive power up I get from the 
second phase of my Dragon’s Will, Integrate. I imagine that, for now even if I have the 
technique and theory down for either lightning or ice skills, I’ll need to be in the 
Integrate phase if I want to use the more powerful skills.
I can’t help grow a little impatient at this fact but there isn’t much I can do now except 
train. I have so many advantages but I’m still not satisfied at the level of power I was 
at. I can say with confidence that, if I were to fight against the former me from my old 
world, I would win. The amount of mana in this world and the fact that I have Dragon’s 
Will alongside of mana rotation, I can just overpower my previous self. However, the 
world I’m in is filled with dangers much greater than the dangers in my old world, so 
growing complacent would end up being detrimental.
I pick up the other book that I brought, which is on beast wills. I’ve already read it once 
so I skip to the part on training it, which makes me sigh in helplessness. I saw this 
coming, but I couldn’t help but grow disheartened when I read it the first time. It 
seems that the best way to train the beast will acquired is being taught by the beast 
itself. The only other alternative mentioned was to study thoroughly about the beast 
itself so the beast tamer can learn and practice the traits of the beast.
Option one was obviously out of the question, seeing as Sylvia either died or is in 
hostage by whatever being that black horned figure was. Option two had its limit as 
well. The fact that I could even use one of the ‘acquire’ skills and even go into Integrate 
phase was because of the perks in being a Legacy Tamer, where a certain amount of 
insight came alongside the Will. Even for a dragon, she seemed so unique; I couldn’t 
even imagine what sort of powers she had. I wish she had left me some clues as to 
what some of her powers were before everything happened.
*Slap*
“Snap out of it!” I say aloud while smacking both of my cheeks. Bringing myself down 
on what I don’t have isn’t going to solve anything.
Besides training my lightning and ice attribute magic, the other skill I’m focusing on 
will be magic cancellation.
The theory is that elemental attribute mana is manipulated, whether it is through the 
form of a spell or through extensive knowledge of the skill, into the projected 
destination or into the caster’s own body. Speaking very technically, these mana 
particles are basically coded to affect either the atmosphere or the specific target to 
produce a certain outcome. There is a very small delay from when the mage casts the 
coded mana particles and when those particles have effect and form the spell.
During that delay, if I was able to potentially disrupt those mana particles with mana 
of my own that can cancel the said spell, I would be able to discretely terminate the 
spell without it even forming.
While in theory that sounds amazing, there are several problems. One, in order for this 
to even work, I will have to know what spell the opponent is using. That isn’t a problem 
when the Conjurer or even the Augmenter chants the spell, but in cases of wordless 
chanting, or even instacasting, I would have to know what the spell is by the makeup 
of the mana during the almost split second that the manipulated mana particles are 
cast before it takes effect and forms into a spell.
This requires learning a tremendous amount of spells and figuring out which skills 
can effectively cancel them out. Just thinking about that leaves me with a headache.
Most can be figured out with magic theory but being able to almost instantly thinking 
of the correct spell to counteract the opponent’s means I need to know it by heart.
However, I know that mastering this skill will be a priceless asset; especially more 
since only someone like me, who is able to manipulate all four elements, can do this.
On this subject, I start thinking of when I entered the Integrate phase. My vision 
turned black and white and I was clearly able to see the fluctuation in mana all around
me, which, when using something like canceling magic, it would be very useful.
I pick up my books and towel with one hand and pick up Sylvie with the other and 
head back up to my room. Vincent offered another room for Elijah but my parents 
wouldn’t allow it since he was a Leywin guest, which meant he should just be in one 
of our rooms. As a compromise I asked them to just bring in another bed for Elijah, 
since the room was more than spacious enough.
Returning back to my room, Elijah was already fast asleep, sleeping straight on his 
back with his arms folded on his chest, making it seem like he’s lying in a coffin.
Even when he sleeps, he looks like such a straight and proper fellow. Elijah was a good 
friend and it helped that our personalities complimented each other. Elijah was pretty 
peculiar. Despite his straight-laced, stern appearance (mainly due to the hair and 
glasses), he was a very emotional lad. He’s logical in a way where he has set principles 
that he never strays away from, making him very honest and trustworthy, but when it 
comes to people and relationships, he often thinks with his ‘heart’ leaving him quite 
vulnerable if people choose to take advantage of him.
I can only imagine when he hits puberty, if he already hasn’t started, and starts 
thinking with his penis instead of his head when it comes to the opposite sex.
As for me, whether it was because I lived and remember my previous life, I can only 
see myself analytical and somewhat scheming. I have to admit that I have a hard time 
trusting people completely and always trying to think a couple steps ahead. I 
somewhat regret the lack of innocence I have compared to normal 11-year-olds, but 
one thing that I have grown to realize is that, when it comes to the few close 
relationships that I do have, I become very invested in them, almost to the point of 
fault. Did it have something to do with being an orphan in my previous life? Because 
the only close person I had was the caretaker that picked me up and was later killed?
Even as a King previously, I can’t say with confidence that I was the most mature, and 
in many aspects, I would even say I’m not very King-like, but one thing that I can’t 
change is the amount of importance I have to those I hold dearly.
After taking a quick shower, I sink into bed, causing Sylvie to stir in her sleep. She 
cuddles by me and starts breathing steadily again. The slow rhythm of her breathing 
lulls me to sleep.
“Brother wake up!!!!”
“OOF” The wind suddenly gets knocked out of me as my sister jumps on top of my 
stomach.
Rubbing my sore sternum, I gasp out, “Ellie, you’re not a little kid anymore, you’re 
going to seriously hurt me one day.”
“Are you calling me fat Big Brother?” Ellie pretends to gasp. This little rascal, she’s only 
learning useless things at that school for proper ladies or what not.
I turn to see Elijah already showered and clothed, his glasses still a bit foggy. “I swear 
you sleep like a log Art. Your wife is going to seriously have to use spells to wake you 
up when you get older.” He shakes his head.
“Shaddup.” I slur, too tired to make a witty comeback.
After quickly washing my face and fixing my hair so it’s barely presentable, the four of 
us, with Sylv on top of my head goes downstairs.
‘I wonder what’s for breakfast. I hope it’s meeeaaat.’ Sylv ponders, her little fox head 
swaying side to side in anticipation.
“Good morning you four~ you’re just in time.” My mother calls out to us from the 
kitchen as the maids were preparing the table. Even though there were cooks in the 
manor, my mother always wants to at least prepare breakfast for us, so while Tabitha 
was helping her, the maids help set the table and cleans up afterwards. After I came 
back, my family, as well as Vincent and Tabitha, both noticed the apparent change in 
appearance of Sylvie. I just played it off as her transformation after digesting a lot of 
beast cores. But from that, my parents and the Helsteas knew Sylvie wasn’t just your 
average mana beast, even making small conversations with her, as if she was an 
intelligent house pet.
“Good morning boys, and of course my little princess, did you guys sleep well?” My 
father, who was talking to Vincent, turns to us and gives my struggling sister bearded 
kiss on her cheek.
“Ew Dad, that tickles!” She pushes him away, wiping the spot she was kissed.
“Did you guys sleep well kids?” Vincent gives us a broad smile as he starts teasing my 
father about his doting habits towards Ellie.
“Good morning Aunt Leywin, Aunt Tabitha, Uncle Vincent and Uncle Reynolds.” Elijah 
announces before he sits down next to me. He stopped calling my parents Sir and Lady 
as he got closer to them, eventually calling everyone either Aunt or Uncle.
After saying good morning to everyone, I got back to my seat and started eating a ham 
and vegetable omelet with a very crisp soup.
While eating, my father suddenly speaks up with a mouth full of omelet. “That reminds 
me. Kids, if you don’t have any plans, do you want to go with us to City Square? There’s 
a big announcement in the Capital City of Etistin where the King and Queen reside but 
a couple of artificers are going to put up a live projection of the broadcast in City 
Square.”
“Honey, please don’t talk with your mouth full.” My mother gently scolds before 
indulging in gossip with Tabitha about the latest news of the city Ladies. It seems she’s 
getting along quite well with the noble ladies of Xyrus, seeing as the both of them often 
go out on brunch meetings and afternoon shopping trips.
“Sounds good Dad, Elijah and I don’t have anything planned today anyways, right?” I 
turn to my friend who’s wolfing down his second omelet. He shoots us a thumbs up 
and I turn to Vincent.
“I wanna go too! Can I Mom?” Ellie leans forward on the table towards my mother.
“You have school today Ellie. You can hang out with your brother after.” She nudges 
Ellie back down unto her chair as my sister pouts.
“Uncle Vincent. I remember you mentioned something about how you were going to 
visit a famous researcher that has a lab in Xyrus. Do you mind introducing me to him 
after we watch the announcement today?” I ask while I place a portion of omelet unto 
my fork with my knife.
“Ah you mean Gideon? Has he caught your interest? He’s not just a researcher but a 
well-known inventor and artificer as well! He’s the one responsible for designing the 
ships we use for the rivers as well as other well-used artifacts! I do have some business 
with him anyway so it wouldn’t be a problem taking you. Was there something specific 
you needed from him?” He quizzes, the intelligent eyes behind his glasses shining with
curiosity.
“Not something I needed, but more of something to discuss. I thought he would find it 
valuable.” I give a vague answer, catching his interest all the more.
“Well, he’s not the type to meet new people but I’m sure I can get him to come out of 
his hole if I’m with you.” He nods to himself.
“Great! I look forward to meeting him!” I focus back on my omelet, which Sylvie took 
a big bite out of, while Elijah and my father curiously wonder what I’m up to now.
______________________________________________
The City Square, which was usually bustling with a lot of activity, was abnormally 
packed with both normal civilians and nobles alike. On the side of the big clock tower, 
there were four orbs creating a square while underneath these floating orbs, there 
were two artificers with their brown robes, signifying that they do not do their work 
for glory and fame, chanting and fiddling with a device. Sylvie, who was looking 
around eagerly at the huge crowd of people, was fidgeting on top of my head. Elijah, 
my father and Vincent were the only ones who came, with my mother and Tabitha 
hanging out with their friends and Ellie at school.
*BZZZ*
“The three Kings and Queens of the different countries in our beloved Continent 
of Dicathen have gathered here on this memorable day!”
I see a very fancily dressed man announce to an audience that looked to be in the 
hundreds of thousands. Looks like many travelled all the way over there.
“Attention Humans, Elves and Dwarves alike, I go by Blaine Glayder. While all of 
you know me as the King of Sapin, today I speak, not as the King of Humans, but 
only one of the representative of the Continent of Dicathen!”
The hundreds of thousands of people all kneel, some going on all fours in worship at 
the sight of the King. The blurry projection becomes clearer and zooms in on the 
balcony of the Castle. There I see The King of Sapin in the front, while the Queen of 
Sapin, Priscilla Glayder, was seated behind him alongside a few other important 
looking figures. My eyes widen as I recognize Alduin and Merial Eralith, the King and 
Queen of Elenoir with Grandpa Virion standing behind them with his arms crossed.
Besides them are two representatives of the Dwarves, which I assume to be the King 
and Queen.
“Today marks the beginning of a new era in this Continent we call our home. I 
assume many of you know of the existing problems between the Humans and 
the Elves while even the Dwarves were considered just business partners.
However, that is not the way we wish to continue. The representatives of all 
three kingdoms, YOUR leaders, have met together many times over the past few 
years in effort to unite our races. Two years ago, we have agreed for ALL races to 
be able to become adventurers. It started out with just one or two 
representatives, but now it has expanded. It brings me a smile when I see parties 
with humans, elves, and dwarves alike, working together towards a common 
goal. Last year marks another big landmark where Xyrus Academy welcomed 
students from the Kingdom of Elenoir and the Kingdom of Darv so that the new 
generation of the best mages can make friends and memories with not just 
humans, but all three races. We all understand how difficult it may be for some 
of us to adjust after constant enmity between the races, we urge you to let go of 
the past and the discriminations you may hold and think beyond that, if not for 
yourself, but for your children and the future of this Continent.”
There was another big round of applause with a roar of worship and adoration 
accompanying it. King Glayder sat down and Alduin Eralith, the King of Elenoir and 
Tessia’s father, got up from his seat and cleared his throat before speaking into this 
world’s version of what seemed to be a microphone.
“It is an honor to speak on behalf of everyone here on this unforgettable day. As 
King Glayder so adamantly spoke about, I am also in agreement about the future 
of this Continent. For some people, this may not hold much interest but for many 
who yearn for Adventure and new places to visit, I can wholeheartedly say that
this Continent is filled with many unknowns. An obvious example is the very the 
Beast Glades residing in this Continent. While an uncountable number of 
Adventurers have ventured out unto the Beast Glades, it is not an exaggeration 
to say that not even half of it has been traversed. While the mana beasts have not 
left the Beast Glades, who is to insure that, just because they haven’t yet, they 
never will? Even in our own homeland of Dicathen, there are places so 
dangerous, no one dares to explore, but what if I were to say that even greater 
mysteries and dangers are out there?”
King Eralith gives a brief pause while the crowd in Etistin and the crowd here in the 
City Square of Xyrus fill with sound of murmurs.
“That’s right! You have not heard wrong fellow citizens of Dicathen. We are 
announcing today, February 10th of the 1005th Cycle, that we have found 
evidence of another Continent.”
The crowds break out into a clamor of noises, some angry, some afraid, everyone 
curious. Even my own hands shake in excitement as my father and Vincent look at each 
other in shock.
“Please. We ourselves don’t know very much so your guess is as good as ours.
What we do know, is that out there, possibly within reach in a couple of years, is 
another continent that may or may not be hostile. There have been evidence of 
them trying to reach us as well, but on both sides, it seems that our current 
technology does not permit us to travel that far.”
The crowd shown in the Capital is in chaos until the Dwarven King rises from his chair 
and walks towards the microphone.
“QUIETTTTT!!!”
*Silence*
“As Alduin said, we don’t know much. However, in these times of uncertainty and 
possible threats in the future, wouldn’t you guys all agree that standing beside 
one another is what’s best for this Continent and our people? YOUR children can 
be in danger as well. The last thing we want is to fight amongst ourselves. Our 
appearances may be different and our cultures may clash, but remember this… 
we are all born in this continent of Dicathen. I for one am proud of that and hope 
that future generations will feel the same way. What about you?”
The crowd is silent at first but a couple of claps trigger more claps and suddenly a 
huge boom of applause and cheer breaks out. The Dwarf King wasn’t as eloquent in
his words as the two previous kings that spoke, but his words had a very strong 
impact. Even Elijah next to me was clapping excitedly as Sylvie continued to watch the 
screen in curiosity.
“The process of joining our three races and Kingdoms will take time and much 
effort, but today, we will be anointing 6 individuals, individuals that we, the 
three Kings and Queens, believe to be the most courageous, tactful, smart and 
powerful.”
From the back of the podium, 6 individuals come out, two elves, two humans and two 
dwarves. Clad in a refined white armor that varied slightly for each person, they 
walked up and knelt down on one knee.
The three Kings each made their way in front of the 6 kneeling knights and took out 
from a small ornamental box, 6 rings. King Glayder of the Humans presented the rings 
to the two elf knights while the Dwarf King presented it to the two human knights.
Finally, King Alduin of the Elves placed the rings on the two Dwarf knights, stating that 
they stand and bow to the crowd. As the cheers exploded, King Glayder went up and 
spoke once more.
“These 6 individuals will henceforth be granted the title of the Six Lances. Each 
Lance signifies the ties they hold to not their Kingdom, but to the entire 
Continent. This is a truly historical moment as the first Lances have been 
anointed. These 6 individual’s main goal will be towards the well-being of the 
Continent, whether that be exploring dangerous and unknown dungeons in the 
Beast Glades, as well as working alongside us, the rulers of this Continent to 
ensure that our home is protected when the time comes that we are met with 
foreign hostilities from the different Continent.”
Once more, the crowd roars as many throw flowers and the clothes that they’re 
wearing up in the air.
“Lastly, while the title of being one of the Six Lances may be a prestigious one 
that is comparable to even ourselves as Kings, this title also brings upon great 
burden and danger. Children of the new generation that seek to become the 
future protectors of this Continent, strive to be one of the Six Lances! Grow 
strong and noble as not even the heavens are the limit!”
With that, the four orbs making up the corners of the projection float down as the 
image of the announcement fade, the last thing we hear were the chants of “Long live 
the King, long live Dicathen”. The City Square was filled with excitement as everyone 
started discussing about different things.
Beside me, I hear Elijah muttering to himself, “Wow… the Six Lances… That sounds 
awesome.” The children within the crowd already started play acting the scene of the 
anointment, shouting with their friends that they too have become one of the Six 
Lances and are going to go out and fight evil.
A part of me wants to be excited as well. Hell, I was excited! The prospect of a new 
continent to explore with different people and maybe even different races intrigued 
me to no end. However, I was quite cynical of this whole thing. Sure, the points they 
make are quite true, but in the end, they’re just making this new Continent the 
common enemy so that all of the races of Dicathen can unite. It was old tool used by 
many Kings but an effective one that works.
Still… my heart as, not just a King, but a warrior and mage thirsting for adventure and 
excitement, thumped harder and harder.
As we were plowing our way through the crowds in City Square, I heard various chats 
on the Lances. These Six Lances were more than just a group of overpowered Mages; 
they would soon become the very symbol of this Continent. Being composed of two of 
each race, it is impartial towards the Humans, Elves, and Dwarves. I wouldn’t be 
surprised if this caused a big outbreak in talented Mages. While not all children who 
awaken become mages, whether it may be due to financial situations or issues of 
talent, the fact that everyone is eligible to become a Lance will definitely stir up a new 
era of Mages.
I could tell the Kings purposely put a bad light on the New Continent so that this new 
potential common enemy would become the reason for the three races to unite.
Looking at it logically, there could be great advantages such as trading raw material, 
knowledge on magic and artifacts and different technology, but this would just create 
a potential competition between the Humans, Elves and Dwarves, each of them trying 
to get to the New Continent first to claim the new resources. In that sense, I do agree 
with this intentional propaganda of sorts.
Getting into the carriage waiting for us at the edge of City Square, my father asks the 
driver to first take him to the Helstea Auction house.
“I have a couple of things to take care of so I’ll meet you guys back home later tonight.
Don’t cause too much trouble, Son.” My father ruffles my hair while shooting me a 
sarcastic grin.
“Please take us to Gideon’s facility.” Vincent directs the driver to our next destination.
About thirty minutes into the drive, the scenery changes from tall buildings into small 
houses with signboards reading “Artifacts” on a lot of them.
Noticing the curious gaze I had outside, Vincent chimes in, “We’re at the part of the 
city where all of the Artificers gather. You’ll see a lot of neat gadgets here as well as 
useful tools for Conjurers.”
Apparently, this sparked Elijah’s interest because he asked the driver to stop at the 
nearest artifact shop. “I’m going to look around for a bit and see if I can find anything 
worth buying.” He says before stepping out.
‘Sylv, go with Elijah while I visit Gideon with Uncle Vincent’ I tell Sylvie who was on 
my lap. She gave me a curious look but didn’t complain, hopping out of the carriage 
after Elijah. I didn’t want a genius researcher like Gideon eyeing Sylvie so it would be 
better to just keep her away.
“Do you have any money?!” I shout towards him from inside the carriage as we leave 
him, realizing that normal 12-year-old boys shouldn’t have that much money.
“I have my dungeon money saved up. Remember? I‘m not like you!” I can barely make 
out a wink as he was obviously teasing me about my lack of gold.
“Tch. How immature.” I grumble under my breath, causing Vincent to let out a small 
chuckle.
About an hour later, after we passed through the densest part of the city, we arrived at 
a fairly large building. This building was only 1 story but was quite big in width, which 
was rare to see in a clustered city like Xyrus.
“We’re here!” The driver announces as he opens the door for us.
Hopping out of the carriage behind Vincent, we make our way to the front door. After 
knocking on the metal door, an old man with a handlebar mustache, dressed as a 
butler, opens the door.
“Greetings. Master Gideon is not… Ah hello Master Vincent, please come in.” He says 
while opening the door. He realizes that we are welcomed guests, giving us a deep bow 
before showing us inside.
The butler seems to automatically deny everyone but a certain few people. The inside 
of the facility was hardly appealing. The whole place was a mess, with tools on the 
ground and rather intriguing looking raw materials stacked high on shelves. There 
were microscopes and other tools that looked vaguely familiar to the ones in my old 
world.
“Himes! I told you not to let anyone… Ah Vincent! I see you’ve come to bother me 
again.” From the dim corner of a different room, a very short, hunched man makes his 
way over. Both the butler and the master seem to automatically want to deny visitors 
at heart.
Taking a closer look at the supposed genius inventor/researcher/artificer, I can say 
for certain that he looks the part. His curly hair that looks like it’s been struck by 
lightning more than once complimented the beady eyes that had dark bags under 
them. His complexion was pale while he had a pair of goggles hanging on his neck.
“Haha! As welcoming as ever, aren’t you Gideon?” Vincent shakes his head, giving his 
acquaintance a helpless smile and handshake.
“Bah! Don’t even start! This past year, the Royal Family sent in over a dozen 
messengers asking for a way to start traversing the ocean to reach the New Continent!
I haven’t had a decent sleep in months!” The hunched eccentric flails his arms in 
disgust as he starts pacing around.
“Is it really true that they really found evidence of another Continent Gideon?” Vincent 
couldn’t help but relieve his curiosity. Even I was interested in this.
“Hoho! That, my friend, is actually a truth those snobby royal families are telling for 
once. I was the one to study the evidence! All I’ll say is that, the New Continent has 
even better artificers and perhaps even Mages than ours.” His beady eyes disappear 
as his smile widens, revealing yellow teeth with remnants of whatever he ate for his 
last meal.
“What makes you say that?” Vincent pushes, leaning closer to Gideon.
“The Royal Family took back the evidence for safe keeping, but that ‘evidence’ was an 
artifact. Even I couldn’t figure out everything it does, but this artifact was attached to 
a bird-like mana beast that has never been seen on Dicathen before. This bird-like 
mana beast had the ability to camouflage almost completely with its surroundings.
The only way we were able to catch it was because an Adventurer accidentally shot it 
down while he was actually aiming for a nearby squirrel he was hunting to eat. Not 
only that, one of the functions I was able to figure out from the artifact that was 
attached to the bird was that it was able to record and store moving images. The 
artifact was the size of my palm and it could do what four big magic projection crystals 
could and more! Tell me, why would someone from our Continent need to record 
videos?” He leans towards Vincent too so that the two of them were only a hand width 
apart.
“Fascinating!” Vincent sighs as he rubs his chin.
“So… who’s the little kid you brought? Your mistress’s son?” Gideon waggles his 
eyebrows lewdly at Vincent.
“Oh God… Don’t even make jokes like that. Tabitha would kill me… quite literally I’m 
afraid. No… this is Arthur Leywin, I consider him a nephew of mine.” He places his 
hand on my shoulder.
Giving a respectable bow, I introduce myself. “Hello Mr. Gideon. Uncle Vincent has told 
me many great things about you and your work.”
“Hoh~ quite the etiquettes for a kid. How old are you?” He asks, studying me with his 
beady eyes.
“I will be turning 12 in May.” I answer simply.
“I see… So, why did you bring him here, Vincent? I don’t take on students or disciples 
you know.” He nods to himself condescendingly.
“Actually, I would like to know for myself why he wanted to come.” Vincent turns to 
me.
“Mr. Gideon, the fact that you have messengers from the Royal Family visiting you, I 
can assume that your work is quite influential correct?” I put on the air of a respecting 
young lad.
“Of course! They’re a pain but I receive quite a lot of money from them!” His chin sticks 
out and I can almost see his nose getting longer from his pride.
“Perfect.” Without saying anything more, I pick up a big piece of paper lying on the 
ground and sketch out a blueprint. It took a while for me to think of an idea to sell 
without it changing the world too much. This world relies heavily on magic for a lot of 
the bigger tools and machines. That was primarily one of the reasons they couldn’t 
build a ship capable of travelling long distances. Mages didn’t have an infinite source 
of mana and trying to carry along enough mages to power up a big ship was 
impossible.
Both Vincent and Gideon were baffled by my sudden actions and were muttering to 
each other what I was exactly doing. I didn’t let them see what I was drawing so they 
were getting more and more impatient with my behavior.
After about 15 minutes, I finished drawing a rough draft of a steam engine. I didn’t 
draw in some of the key components so that Gideon can’t just steal my idea; I would 
draw those in AFTER the negotiations were complete.
“T-This is… this…” His beady eyes widen two-fold and he snatched the paper away so 
he could study it in depth.
“Of course… why didn’t I think of this? There was this solution as well!” I could see his 
hands trembling as he had a hard time digesting the blueprint.
Suddenly, his eyebrows furrowed and his gaze darted all around the paper. “I feel like 
something is missing…”
I gently take the paper back and roll it up. “I did leave out some key details that I will 
more than happily include once our negotiations are over.” I put on an innocent smile.
“Are you really just a twelve-year-old?” His gaze becomes sharp but soon looks 
helpless, as he himself knows that what I have to offer him is too good to let go. Even 
Vincent looks baffled by the turn of events but he handled it a little bit better since he 
knows I’m kind of always like this.
“Yup! Can you show me some of your best artifacts? Uncle Vincent tells me you make 
some of the best!” I throw in a nice compliment to sugar him up.
“Himes! Bring my latest works!” Gideon shouts. Soon after, the butler with the 
handlebar mustache brings with him a protected case that was the size of an adult, 
sealed with something even I don’t recognize.
Gideon whispers something into the lock while placing both his hands on it. After a 
brief moment, the lock glows and folds itself and changes shape, opening itself. Inside 
the case were various enchanted weapons. Gideon goes over each of the weapons and 
what they were capable of. I know that each of these weapons were invaluable and 
not comparable to the ones sold in shops and forges, but they didn’t fit the bill. I looked 
at some of the wands to maybe get for Elijah but none of them suited him.
Shaking my head, I heard the mad scientist grumble something foul.
Gideon eventually led us into a hidden storage where there were precious gems and 
raw material that even made me shocked. “This is an ironite diamond, one of the most 
valuable gems found on this continent. It has properties capable of storing a lot mana 
to use in case of emergency.” By this time, Gideon looks defeated when my face still 
looked a bit unsatisfied.
“Sigh… Himes, can you bring me the pendants?” He rubs his temples.
“But Master, this was made so that…” “I know! Just bring it!” Gideon interrupts the 
baffled Himes.
Eventually, Himes comes back holding a small case with an even more complicated 
lock on it.
“These are some of the products I made for the Royal Family. They’ve been asking for 
life-protecting artifacts in case of any danger.” He just shrugs his shoulder; any sense 
of confidence he once had has vanished.
Picking up one of the two identical pendants that was a very soft, yet radiant pink 
color carefully ornamented and decorated in a white gold thin chain.
“I had some of the best designers work on the actual piece itself so it is err… ‘suitable’ 
for the Royal Family.” He clarifies
I will a bit of mana into the pendant and when I do, I vaguely see the outline of mana 
beast I’ve once read about. “This is made from a Phoenix Wyrm…” I mutter.
“You were able to figure that out?” Gideon’s eyes turn even more intrigued as he 
studies me, trying to figure out exactly what more I was capable of.
Continuing on, Gideon explains. “While the Phoenix Wyrm isn’t nearly as rare as the 
dragon species, this particular breed is still a high S class mana beast. They aren’t 
really known for their power and combat capabilities but their unique ability to 
preserve their own life. When the Phoenix Wyrm is getting assaulted, its pink scales 
will elongate and harden around them, forming a sort of cocoon.”
This catches my interest.
“However, that isn’t even the best part. When the super hard cocoon they’re protected 
in breaks, they deplete all of the mana in their beast core to instantly transport 
themselves to wherever they know they’re safe. It’s a very unique ability that I’ve only 
seen in the Phoenix Wyrm. These two pendants are probably the most valuable 
artifacts I have. The jewel itself is made from the beast core of the Phoenix Wyrm and 
also small fragments of its scales, allowing it to reproduce the life-preserving effects 
of the beast, to a certain degree.” He sighs, after finishing his explanation.
“How many times will the user be able to utilize the effects?” I simply ask, studying 
the pendant even closer.
“Honestly… I’m not too sure. The Royal Family presented to me 5 of these beast cores 
that have been kept over time throughout generations. However, they didn’t know 
what exactly these mana cores did; they only know that they were extremely valuable. 
They have already been studied and none had the beast will, but still, the value of just 
one of these beast cores cost more than normal S-class cores. The first of the five I 
made were a failure, not showing the ability at all. The second and third showed its 
ability once before turning to dust. I imagine since the mana core doesn’t completely 
deplete itself to transport a human, it’ll work at least twice like the previous two cores 
I used to make the pendant with.” He looks at me with hopeful eyes.
“These are for the Royal Family right? Is it really all right for me to take these when 
the Royal Family provided the raw materials for it?” I quiz.
“Well, like I said, they don’t know what exactly those beast cores could do so if I just 
make a good replacement life-preserving artifact, I think it’ll be fine. Of course, if you 
choose to trade your blueprint with something else, that’ll be even better.” He smiles 
in defeat.
“Haha! I’m not that nice Mr. Gideon. I’ll take these two pendants.”I unroll the blueprint 
and fill the rest of the key components that I left out.
“Sigh… you’re putting me in a tough position but I know that you’re doing me a charity 
by giving me these blueprints. With this, I imagine that our people will be able to reach 
the New Continent before they reach ours.” He studies the blueprint before folding it 
and carefully putting it in his shelf.
He turns back to me, his gaze not looking at me as if I was a child but more so an equal.
“Where did you come up with this idea though? What are you really planning Arthur?
Did you want to speed up the process for the voyage to the New Continent?” The 
genius researcher in him was begging for me to answer his questions.
I only laughed and headed out the door, the silent Vincent, who was still bewildered 
by the turn of events, following behind me. “Like I said Mr. Gideon, I’m not that nice of 
a person. I only wanted to get my little sister a good birthday gift.” I say without 
looking back, waving the small case that had the two pendants inside before getting 
into the carriage.
The journey back home was silent for the first half until Vincent finally spoke. “Not 
only a genius Augmenter but a brilliant inventor? What exactly was it that you drew 
out for Gideon?”
I explained in simple terms. “I drew the blueprints for a steam engine, which is capable 
of producing quite a lot of power by using steam produced from specific material that 
exists on this Continent. With that and some modifications so that it could be 
interchanged with fuel powered by mana, traversing a long distance shouldn’t be a 
problem.”
“Sigh… From what magical star were you born under?” Vincent shakes his head.
“Haha, please, this was an idea I got from somewhere else and I just tweaked it a little 
to make it work better. Please don’t make too big of a deal out of this to my parents.” I 
smile humbly while looking at the two beautiful pink pendants again.
“Well, your parents probably wouldn’t even make a big deal of something like this 
considering how abnormal you are.” He chuckles to himself.
Luckily, no one was home so I carefully hid the case after wrapping the two pendants 
individually. My sister’s birthday was next week and then only a couple of months left 
until my 12th birthday, and eventually the new year of Xyrus Academy. Even though I 
wouldn’t be that far from my family while I was at school, I would certainly be limited 
to how often I could visit them, so my main goal during this time was to ensure that 
my family could take care of themselves in case anything bad happens.
I know I’m probably overthinking everything but I prefer to be on the safe side when 
it comes to my family. For that, I’m willing to sell even my soul.
The ballroom inside the Helstea Manor was lavishly decorated with colorful string 
curtains hanging along with other embellishments on the tables and stage. The 
elaborate placements of the orbs that made up the chandelier sparkled, creating a 
serene ambience as the guests started coming in through the giant front doors.
I was dressed very formally for the special birthday party Vincent’s and our family 
decided to throw for Ellie. While this world did have formal wear that were very 
similar to tuxedoes from my old world, this world did not have ties. Instead of ties, 
handkerchiefs were wrapped underneath the collar and tied fashionably.
Since the ballroom was located in the opposite wing from our rooms, Ellie had no idea 
that we were throwing her this party. She was under the assumption that the both of 
our families were going out to a fancy restaurant so she was excitedly getting ready 
with our mother and Lilia, who came back for the occasion.
Sylv was sleeping inside my room, her body still getting used to the big change she 
underwent recently, promising her leftover food instead.
“Welcome. Please come in.” Putting on a gentlemanly smile, I welcomed my little 
sister’s lady friends she met at school, a duty I was assigned by my mother, one I wasn’t 
too fond of.
Met with shy giggles and red faces, I kept a gentle smile on as more and more people 
started coming through out of carriages, accompanied by a driver and a chaperone.
The attendees of my sister’s party consisted of her female friends, the female friends’ 
chaperone, which were an older group of people, and either my parent’s friends or 
Vincent and Tabitha’s friends. By 8 in the evening, most of the people on the list have 
arrived and my mother notified the maid that she and my sister would be coming 
down shortly.
“Well aren’t you dressed all neat and spiffy?” I turn around back at the door to see 
Gideon in his signature brown lab coat, a cleaner one at least, and his goggles hanging 
on his neck.
“This is quite a pleasant surprise Mr. Gideon.” My smile must’ve tipped him off because 
he grumbles under his breath before replying, “You darn well knew that I would try 
and see you again didn’t you?”
My smile never wavers as I use my hand to guide him towards the refreshment booth.
“I’ll admit it was unexpected of you to utilize my sister’s birthday to meet with me 
though.”
“Bah! You and I have a lot to talk about and don’t you forget I’m not leaving you until 
I’m satisfied!” He, once again, starts grumbling before trotting over to the refreshment 
booth, asking for an alcoholic drink right off the bat.
Elijah, who I saw talking with a chaperone girl that was a bit older than us comes 
walking towards me, his shoulder slumped.
“My third time asking a girl and they all so kindly make convenient excuses to go 
elsewhere… haaa…” He sighs, dejected, his glasses a little crooked.
Before I had the chance to start teasi… comforting him, I was interrupted by a loud 
voice.
“Everyone please get ready, Lady Alice and Eleanor are both on their way here!” The 
maid announces before she signals to turn off all of the lights.
“…Mama I thought we were going to go out for dinner? Where are we…”
““““““““““““““SURRPRISEEEEE!!!!!!!!!””””””””””””””””””
With the chandelier sparking on and a couple of artifacts popping in an array of 
colorful lights, my little sister’s confused face turns into one of initial surprise, then 
pure joy. Her eyes widened and cheeks blushed red as her hands instinctively went to 
cover her gaping mouth.
She didn’t have too long to indulge in her moment of astonishment as her school lady 
friends all ran up to her and gave her hugs, almost carrying her away along with Lilia 
gave me a meaningful gaze before disappearing.
“Good job welcoming all of the guests Art.” My mother came up to me, gently patting 
my head before some of her friends pulled her away leaving me to wander. I spotted 
my father with Vincent and some other importantly dressed figures, talking business 
and other various uninteresting topics.
Waiters walked around handing out platters and cups of various foods and drinks. I 
was munching on something akin to a bite-sized sandwich when I hear my father clink 
his wine glass with his fork.
“Ahem! Before the party officially begins, I would like to thank you on behalf of my 
precious daughter for coming here tonight!” As my father says, I see my sister blushing 
in embarrassment as her friends giggle and clap at this joyous occasion.
“Please start the music!” My father signals towards the back of the stage where 5 
musicians step out with their instruments. I’m surprised to see that the instruments 
look identical to the violin family instruments in my world, with two violins, one viola, 
and one cello musician step out with a pianist behind them. The piano was shaped a 
little different and as they started playing, the sound it produced was much deeper 
and richer than a regular grand piano.
“It would bring great joy to see my beloved son and daughter have the first dance!” My 
father’s cheeks were a little flushed from the alcohol because he just said something 
that could potentially be disastrous. My mother has a look stricken with panic because 
neither her nor my father has ever given either of us dancing lessons.
I catch my sister’s dreadful face as she realizes she could become a total 
embarrassment on her birthday. Keeping calm, I take confident strides towards where 
my sister and her friends were.
“Will you honor me with your hand for a dance?” I bow, placing a hand out in front of 
me. I hear various squeals and “eeks” from her friends but I ignore it.
Ellie, still fretful at the turn of events couldn’t find the words so she just starts nodding 
her head, accepting my hand.
As soon as she is in my hands, a crowd forms around and their applause dies down as 
the soft flow of music became louder and fills the room. The music was slow and 
rhythmic, making it easy to follow along. Her once panicked face gradually turns 
calmer as she realizes she just needs to follow my guide. My right hand holding unto 
hers and my left gently placed on her fragile waist, we circle around, her light coral 
dress fluttering gracefully. Each step she takes mirrors mine as we waltz around the 
small dance floor formed around us by the crowd. I was calm and poised, dancing and 
swaying to the song with grace, since dancing has been something I had to learn for 
any formal occasions as a King. I couldn’t embarrass myself as a figurehead for my 
nation now could I?
My sister’s face turned from calm to excitement as she truly started enjoying dancing.
Her skin glowed from her smile and perspiration, giving her a radiant feeling to the 
crowd. Twirling her around as if we had rehearsed for a grand performance, the 
musicians played along with our dance, them getting inspired as well. As the last verse 
of the song was coming to an end, she followed my lead well, coming to a beautiful halt 
synced perfectly with the musicians.
The applause and cheers of the audience, some of the more intoxicated adults even 
whistling, washed up the soft panting of my sister as the both of us bowed, hand in 
hand.
“That was wonderful!” “Truly splendid!” “What a great performance!” I hear 
compliments from all around that make my sister’s smile grow even wider.
“Brother!” My sister couldn’t hold in her excitement as she jumped into my arms, 
almost knocking me down in surprise as she starts laughing as her arms were flung 
around my neck.
“Holy shit! That was great! Where’d you learn to dance like that Art?” Elijah runs up 
to us, his narrow eyes gleaming in excitement underneath his glasses.
I just give him a shrug before gently placing my sister down. Giving her a pat on the 
head I say, “Happy Birthday Princess.” Giving her a playful wink before my father picks 
her up.
“HAHA! My beautiful princess and my handsome son! What a great performance!” My 
father must’ve been drinking more because he was even redder than before.
“OWOWOW” He lets out as Mother pulls my father down from his high horse by 
grabbing his earlobe.“Do you understand the disaster this could’ve caused if Art didn’t 
HAPPEN to know how to dance?” She whispered while still emphasizing the word 
‘happen’.
“I learned from Jasmine while being an Adventurer. I thought it’d be useful!” I 
explained innocently, only getting rid of half the suspicion from my keen mother.
“Don’t mind don’t mind!” He manages to wheeze out, while my sister, who was put 
back down, went to her friends. My still angry mother dragged my intoxicated father 
by the earlobe back to where the adults were.
ELEANOR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Your brother is so handsome! I’m so jealous! I wish my brother was like him; he seems 
so nice!” My friends I’ve made at school were all complimenting Brother and me about 
the dance.
“Hehe! I told you he was great!” I couldn’t help but smile in pride at being Brother’s 
only sister.
“Yeah he’s awesome! I bet the both of you practiced a lot for that dance! It looked 
SUPER hard.” My best friend Nicole was really excited.
“U-Umm yeah! But our teacher was really good so we got it down really fast!” I lied. I 
thought it would be weird for them to know that only Brother knew how to dance, not 
me, when it should be the other way around.
My heart was still beating really fast from the dancing. It was really tiring but also 
really fun because Brother led me through it so well that I felt like a professional 
dancer.
“You’re grinning really big Ellie.” Nicole smirks at me, elbowing me with her arm.
“Hehe! Let’s go get some food!” I need to look busy so some of the guys here won’t ask 
me to dance.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I slumped in a corner, a glass of apple cider in my hand. The dance gave all the more 
reason for the adults and chaperones to come and greet me, some hinting for a dance.
Putting on a smile and speaking in a higher pitch than usual to sound more respecting 
can get tiring.
I spot Elijah dancing with a girl that looks around our age maybe a year younger, 
probably one of the older friends of my sister. I guess he finally managed.
“Hey, you must be the Arthur that everyone’s talking about.” A blond-haired boy rather 
tall and poised leans on the wall next to me.
“Haha, I guess I must be.” I manage a faint smile while I take another sip of my cider.
“My friends are all jealous of you for stealing the attention from the girls here.” He 
snickers while sticking out his hand. “My name is Jarrod Redner. I heard a lot about 
you from Lilia at school.”
“Ah, you guys both go to Xyrus. As you already know, I’m Arthur Leywin, pleased to 
make your acquaintance.” I receive the handshake before my eyes spot Lilia, who 
starts coming towards us after she sees us together.
“Can I assume you guys are either dating or that you like her before she gets over 
here?” I say in a low voice so that only we could hear.
“You’re pretty sharp aren’t you? Yeah, we’re part of the student council together, she 
being the secretary and me the treasurer. I’m trying to pursue her and I’ve expressed 
that many times already.” He smiles at Lilia while waving at her.
“She may look a little plain, but she’s a good girl, Lilia that is. I hope you treasure her 
well.” I simply say.
“Well I hope to get the chance to do that someday since she’s rejected me all three 
times yet so far.” He says, a hint of disappointment escaping his face.
“Hey Arthur! I’m so sorry I couldn’t get the chance to say hi to you at all today! I’ve 
been so busy as soon as I got here earlier and you were busy with preparing too!” Her 
face is flushed and by the way she spoke so quickly and excitedly, I was beginning to 
understand why Jarrod came up to me.
“I’ll leave you two alone.” Jarrod solemnly walks away, a hint of jealousy in his eyes, 
not even looking at Lilia as he passes her.
“You look beautiful today.” I calmly say, clinking my glass of cider with her glass before 
taking another sip.
“O-oh… I mean thank you!” Lilia was really jumpy as she started fiddling with her 
turtleneck light green dress that was embellished with frills and subtle trimmings. I 
haven’t seen her since before she started attending Xyrus. Lilia matured a lot this past 
year and a half, her child-like face slowly becoming a bit more refined.
We started talking a bit more about her school life when I started teasing her. “You 
must be pretty popular at Xyrus. Do you have a boyfriend yet?” Even my sister would 
sometimes tell me about boys who like her, gloating that she was popular.
“N-no of course not! I don’t have anything like that yet haha.” Lilia was desperately 
waving both her hands, signaling no way, which made me laugh.
“You’re still young so take your time and meet the right guy. But you better bring him 
to me first so that I can approve before you start dating him!” I poke her in the arm.
Lilia has a sad look on her face but she quickly covers it up, saying, “Yeah I will! Just 
don’t be too hard of a judge!”
“Ahem, mind if I borrow the young lad?” Gideon, who came up to us, said to Lilia in as 
gentle of a manner he could manage.
Lilia is caught a bit by surprise but still replies in good manner.
“O-of course! I’ll see you later then Art!” She waves at me, bowing towards Gideon 
before going back to Ellie.
“You know that young female cohort of yours likes you right?” He scratches his cheek 
awkwardly.
I simply respond, “I know.” Which begs the question for him. “You two seem to get 
along though, you’re not going to do anything about it?”
“She’s someone that has had her life changed by me. More so than the feeling of like 
or love, it’s something more akin to gratefulness that she feels. She doesn’t know that 
now, but later in the future, I’m sure she’ll distinguish the two on her own.”I just shrug.
“You know, even when you say something disgustingly conceited like that, it doesn’t 
sound vain coming from you.” Gideon shakes his, taking a small sip of his wine.
“Because I don’t mean it in a conceited way. To her, I am something like a hero who 
saved her life. She may have fantasies about a relationship between us like any young 
girl about her idol, but that doesn’t mean she is in love with that person. Anyway, I’m 
sure you’re not here to give me a love counseling. What is it that you wanted to 
discuss?” I turn to him, my face a bit more serious.
“Haa… why do I feel like I’m talking to someone same age as me. But yeah, you’re right, 
how did your sister like the present you so kindly took from me?” He changed the 
subject, sitting down on the floor while leaning against the wall.
“Received as a compensation, not took. And I haven’t given it to her yet. I will later.” I 
correct his statement.
“Right. Well, after refining the blueprint and creating a plan, I sent it in to the Council 
of Dicathen. They approved it and is undergoing a construction plan right away.” He 
announces seriously, his usual joking manner nonexistent.
After the founding of the Six Lances, the Three Kings and Queens of Dicathen came 
together and announced to the public that the current monarchy of each of the three 
Kingdoms is changing into one big Council for all of Dicathen. This decision wasn’t 
really up for debate but it did bring some groups of people to rebel against it. For now, 
the location of the Council of Dicathen was unknown, the only source of 
communication available through some trusted individuals while major broadcasts 
were publicized through each City’s Governor.
“Congratulations. I’m sure they rewarded you well for that.” I reply.
“Bah, money is just a means to an end for me, gold is but a useless commodity that 
only has use in buying stuff actually useful for me. But you, you’re an asset that I do 
not want to let go. What is it you want brat? Money? Power? Knowledge? I can give 
you all of that if you be more open to me about what you know as well.” He gets up, his 
beady eyes gleaming with curiosity.
“I don’t intend to change how the world works for my own benefit. This Continent is 
doing just fine without any of it.” I retort, making my intentions clear.
“So you’re saying you have ideas on inventions capable of changing how this world 
works? Fascinating…” His ears must only be hearing this he wants to hear because my 
intentions weren’t getting through to him.
Imbuing mana into my voice, I growl in a low voice so only he could hear. “Mr. Gideon, 
let me make it clear that I’m not here to indulge your selfish curiosities.”
This shakes him up a bit at the different tone in my voice as it trembles his body.
“Well you sure sobered me up real quick. Yeah I guess you’re right. How about a give 
and take then? I’m not asking for world changing inventions like that steam engine 
you gave me. I just want to get to know how you think really. I’ll be your personal 
benefactor for whatever you need. Really, I’m desperate brat, don’t make this old man 
plead anymore.” His voice sounds sincere this time.
This was what I planned for but I didn’t want to give in to his wishes too easily so I 
persisted. “Can I take your word for it?”
“Of course! What do you take me for? I’m a man of my words. You’re quite a family 
man so I understand why you were so interested in that Phoenix Wyrm necklace. I 
may not be a great mage but I know my way around artificing and magic 
implementation theory. Hell, you need some allowance for school right? So how about 
it? Yeah?” His beady eyes and electrocuted hair made him look even more pitiful.
Sticking my hand out, I give him a business smile that sends shivers down my now 
benefactor’s body as his eyes twitch for a bit before shaking it.
The party eventually came to an end after the bell rang for midnight making it officially 
my sister’s birthday. After more dancing, eating and drinking, and present giving the 
guests slowly started leaving until the maids eventually started cleaning the ballroom.
My parents gave my sister a pair of beautiful hair ties with ornamental bells that were 
silver on first glance but shined a rainbow reflection underneath a light. My sister 
excitedly asked my mother to tie her hair for her so her long hair now had twin 
ponytails.
My sister was pretty disappointed that the Twin Horns couldn’t make it to her 
birthday since they were currently in a dungeon but she got over it quickly.
“Happy Birthday little sister.” I give her my present and I hand the other box, which 
wasn’t as prettily decorated, to my mother.
“Wow! It’s so pretty!” My sister was ecstatic at the precious necklace that she probably 
will never know how much it’s worth.
“T-this is gorgeous…” My mother’s reaction was actually even stronger than Ellie’s, her 
eyes locked on the light pink gem embedded on the white gold chain.
“Keep it on at all times okay?” I say directly to my sister by I also look at my mother so 
that she catches my drift.
“Where in the world did you get something like this Son?” My father was still a little 
tipsy but he was fully functional.
“I’m sure met Mr. Gideon right? I’m going to start working for him while he teaches me 
various things about magic. He gave me this as a token of my apprenticeship.”It wasn’t 
a lie but it wasn’t exactly the full truth either.
“Well, I’ll have to greet him one more time and thank him for taking care of you. I can’t 
believe my boy is going to attend Xyrus Academy soon! You’re going to kick some butt 
out there right? OWW!” My mother clonks him on his head at the last statement and 
gives me a big hug, my sister following suit.
“Thank you for this present. We’ll both keep it on, right Ellie?” She hugs my sister too.
“Yeah! We’re matching now haha!” She looks happy and she’ll be safe. That’s all that 
really matters that this point.
After my sister’s birthday, my daily life turned very repetitive. My birthday passed by 
as well, and although the Twin Horns couldn’t make it, their dungeon exploration 
leading them to the depths of the Continent, we did hear back from them from Guild 
Hall, indicating that they were still alive and okay. My birthday was nowhere near as 
grand as Ellie’s but I had no problems with that.
Only a few people aside from mine and Lilia’s family came, Gideon included of course.
He gave me exactly what I asked for, which was a seal for my attribute mana for fire 
and water.
“While it’s a little gaudy, keep this bracelet on at all times when you want to hide your 
mana attributes. It’s still a trial product from me so be careful. The two charms on the 
bracelet each can hide and seal one elemental attribute mana from being sensed and 
gauged by others. Christ… I didn’t believe you were a quadra-elemental Augmenter 
but…”
I’ve gotten a lot closer to Gideon over these past few months and, while he is quite 
eccentric and quirky, he’s a good and trustworthy person. I haven’t indulged him in 
much besides my abilities as a mage, which he took as quite a shock.
My birthday was, all in all, a quiet and pleasant time with my family. Elijah and me 
quickly went back into training, and while his abilities have become a lot less 
powerful, he has become a lot more adept in controlling his Earth and Metal Conjuring.
He still has a lot to learn if he’s going to catch up to me but we both have time.
As for me, training was going by steadily. I was planning to only use Earth and Wind 
Attribute mana, which probably accounts for 20% of my actual power, but that doesn’t 
mean I plan on laying back and hiding myself in school. Why not enjoy the benefits of 
being a good-looking prodigal dual elemental Augmenter? I had a family that I had to 
make proud right?
Elijah was much more eager to go to school than I was, expressing on many occasions 
what kind of “hot” female friends he’ll make. I keep telling him that we’re only twelve 
and that girls aren’t “hot” at our age, but he filters that out and says he’s going to go 
for older girls as well.
My father’s training resumed a bit slower after he used all of the benefits from the 
beast core I brought, but he did manage to level up his fire augmentations, his skills 
and abilities become a light orange rather than red like most other Fire Augmenters.
Like I expected, the beast will didn’t react to Elijah when I gave it to him. He couldn’t 
even sense anything, becoming confused as to why I still had it.
With Ellie enjoying school and bringing a closer group of friends over more often and 
my mother and Tabitha enjoying the free time of being a housewife, life couldn’t be 
any more content. For how long this would last, I would give my life to make sure it 
lasted until their life ended in their due time.
The eventful day in the Dicathen Calendar, marking the day of when the first steam 
engine ship named Dicatheous will set sail on the voyage to the other Continent, also 
marked another important day.
The Dicatheous was scheduled to set sail tomorrow, which is also the day both Elijah 
and I will start our first day of Xyrus Academy.





“WAKE UP!!!”
“OOF!” I feel the wind get knocked out of me as Elijah, oh so tenderly, pounds my 
sternum with his two fists with the force capable of resuscitating a corpse.
I throw the sleeping Sylvie at him in hopes that she’ll protect me from my aggressive 
roommate.
“GAAHH! SYLV IT HURTS!!” As expected, the startled Sylv starts clawing at Elijah’s face 
until she calms down and sits back down next to me.
“There has got to be a better way to wake me up besides physical pain.” I grumble, 
rubbing my stomach.
“You’re telling me. Do you know how hard it is to wake you up and you reward me by 
throwing Sylvie at me? Even if she isn’t in her full dragon form, do you know how sharp 
her claws are?” He winces as he carefully touches the shallow scratches that Sylvie 
inflicted.
“Anyways! We’re going to be late if you don’t hurry up and get ready. I’ve already 
washed up so get going lazy ass.” Elijah starts pushing me off the bed with his foot 
before starts dressing.
“Let’s go wash up, Sylv!” I pretend to be excited as I grab my companion and head over 
to the shower.
‘Nuuuuuu~ Papa I don’t want to shower! I’m cleaaan!’ “Kyuuuu~” The desperate wails 
of Sylv go out through the other ear as I haul her inside. Sylvie now has fur, or very 
thin, long soft scales that are very similar to fur. This means that she attracts dirt like 
a magnet so washing her more often becomes a necessity.
“Brother~ are you awake?” Ellie opens the door as I was still changing, Elijah was at 
least fully dressed but I only had my bottom half clothed.
“How do you like your big brother’s awesome muscles?” I flex my body like a 
professional body builder in a competition.
“Eww… All I see are skin and bones Brother.” She just shakes her head, giving me a 
look as if disappointed by the fact that she has a brother like me.
Tch… she was all over me when I danced with her during her birthday party. They 
grow up too fast.
“Hurry up and get dressed and let’s eat guys!” Ellie closes the door and goes on ahead 
while Elijah and I get ready.
The uniforms that Xyrus sent us weren’t too out of the ordinary. For me, it consisted 
of a white dress shirt, a grey vest, a maroon string we tie around our necks underneath 
the collar, and navy dress pants tailored perfectly. There was also gold pocket watched 
attached to a chain on my vest’s breast pocket, overall giving me a very scholarly look.
Elijah’s uniform, on the other hand, looked very sleek. His black blazer with white 
trimmings matched his black pants. Instead of a string, he wore something similar to 
a tie, except it had a flat end. His tie was black with one white stripe, indicating that he 
was a level one student. With his white dress shirt underneath and a badge with a 
sword and staff crossed etched intricately unto it, he looked dashing.
Instead of the usual tools a Conjurer may use, Elijah, instead, fashioned a black twopart band on his index and ring finger. These two bands were connected by a thin black 
chain, which gave him a gothic look, especially now that he recently purchased new 
glasses that were a bit more fashionable. He made it pretty clear to me that this would 
be his debut in finding a girlfriend so he took great pride in how he looked, although 
he always grumbled on about how no matter how much he tried, he wouldn’t be as 
good-looking as me.
What can I say? I need to thank mother and father for their genes.
Taking a good look at both Elijah and myself in the mirror, I could tell how much we’ve 
matured physically. The once nerdy Elijah from two years ago was now gone, a more 
sharp and cold look replacing it, which oddly contradicted from his personality.
As for myself, my eyes were a rich sapphire color that almost seemed to glow. My hair 
was a fiery auburn color that contrasted well with my eyes. Bluish eyes and reddish 
hair made me realize how coincidental it all was. What are the odds that my defining 
traits aligned with the two base elements I was most adept at? My facial features were 
a lot softer compared to Elijah’s but while soft and kind, it looked poised and elegant.
I looked and studied my face as if it wasn’t my own. Even after 12 years in this body, I 
wasn’t used to my appearance compared to the rather normal face I had in my old 
world.
“Are you sure you made the right choice Art? I can’t believe you wanted to go in as a 
Scholar Mage. I thought you would for sure go in as a Battle Mage like me.” Elijah said 
while he was styling his hair. The trim straight black hair that he had was now shorter 
and styled to the side.
“And I can’t believe one of the main reasons you wanted to attend Xyrus as a Battle 
Mage student was because it had cuter girls.” I slapped him firmly on the back while 
giving him a perverted smile.
“Shut up… Just you watch. The new and improved Elijah will get an awesome girlfriend 
that can only make you drool in jealousy!” He adjusts his blazer and takes one last look 
at himself. Obviously satisfied by his appearance, he walks towards the door while I 
follow, Sylv hopping on top of my head, her small claws digging into my scalp to keep 
grip, making me slightly worried about premature balding.
“Took you boys long enough to get ready! Who are you guys trying to impress?” My 
mother shakes her finger at us while Tabitha, who was in a matching apron with my 
mother starts giggling.
“Good morning boys, hurry up and eat. Lilia is going to be up on stage for the 
orientation since she’s part of the student council. She must be nervous so make sure 
you cheer her on.” Tabitha sits down across from us next to Mother and Ellie.
“I see the both of you are wearing the necklaces I gave you.” I say while my mouth was 
still full of oatmeal and fruit.
“Yup, why wouldn’t I when it’s such a beautiful piece of jewelry. I wish your father had 
half the amount of sense as you do…” My mother sighs as she fiddles with the Phoenix 
Wyrm ornament.
“All my friends are jealous because of how pretty it is! Be sure to get me things like 
these more, okay Brother?” Ellie leans forward on her chair excitedly.
“Well, be sure to give me a reason to want to give you more things like that then.” I nag 
at her. My brotherly side still wishes for her to grow up into a fine lady.
“Umm… Aunt Alice, do you mind healing my face before we go to school? I don’t want 
my debut at school to go wrong because of these cat scratches.” He turns his gaze to 
Sylv who just sticks her tongue out.
“Pfft. Still fighting with Sylvie? Come here and let me take a look at that.” Mother places 
a hand in front of Elijah’s face and whispers a small chant before a glow started 
emanating from her fingertips. A few moments later, the small scratches on his face all 
disappeared and Elijah let out a relaxed sigh.
“Thanks, Aunt Alice.” Elijah leaned back in his chair and continued eating breakfast.
My father comes in, quite evident that he was training from the sweat he had. “Sorry 
I’m late for breakfast! I was in the middle of a small breakthrough!” He excitedly sat 
down and looked at Elijah and me. “Wow~ my two boys are already going to school. I 
can’t believe it. Looks like we raised Arthur well, right honey?” My father smiles 
broadly.
“What do you mean we? I was the one that raised him.” My mother sits up proudly.
My father scoffs, “Tch~ I guess I only raised my children when they’re getting into 
trouble then huh.”
“As long as you know.” My mother states matter-of-factly, causing the whole table to 
laugh.
The only ones missing were Vincent and Lilia. Lilia had to go to school a few days 
earlier since she had to do some work but Vincent has been more and more busy these 
days as he is part of the management committee for the ship, Dicatheous, setting sail 
today.
“I was pretty surprised when you said that you wanted to attend Xyrus as a Scholar 
Mage though, Art.” My father brings up with while chewing on his eggs.
“Yeah, both are good choices but Battle Mages are the ones that get all the glory.” 
Tabitha sighs. Lilia was a Battle Mage as well despite disagreements from both Tabitha 
and Vincent. The two of them wanted Lilia to become a Scholar Mage since it would 
be a lot less dangerous but Lilia was persistent on making a name for herself.
“Haha, I’ll still take some general classes on Mana Battling whenever I can to loosen 
my muscles but there’s not much for me to learn if it’s just fighting tactics.” I smile.
“Not much to learn from… If any of the students heard you say that, you’d get beat up… 
no wait, they can’t even beat you up.” Elijah just laughs at himself at the thought of the 
massacre the school would have if anyone picked a fight with me.
“Please control yourself to a degree Arthur, there are very influential family members 
attending that school. You wouldn’t want to create trouble for Tabitha’s family.” My 
mother chides, her face filled with worry.
“Don’t worry! I’ll be sure to only moderately beat people up!” I salute while stuffing 
my face with more oatmeal while Sylv steals the fruits on it. My mother just shakes 
her head but my father laughs when a maid walks in.
“Mr. Arthur, Mr. Elijah, the driver says that we should leave now if you guys are to make 
it on time for the orientation ceremony.” She says while bowing.
“Well off we go!” Elijah finishes the last bite of his ham and stuffs some greens into his 
mouth before standing up and straitening his black blazer.
“Mom, Ellie, before I leave, I need you guys to show me your index finger for a bit.” I 
stand up and walk around the table to where they were.
“Huh?” My mother looks at me, confused, but nevertheless shows me her index finger 
while my sister unhesitatingly follows suit. I take a quick poke at both their index 
fingers with my mana imbued finger, just enough for a droplet of blood to form on the 
tip of their fingers.
“Put the blood on the necklaces.” The seriousness in my voice makes them silently 
concede despite their initial surprise. The two of them places their index finger on the 
necklace and the blood on the tip of their fingers gets absorbed into the jewel 
immediately.
“These necklaces are now bound to you so only you two can wear it. It’ll protect you 
just in case me or Dad isn’t there but still keep yourselves safe while I’m gone okay?” 
I give the both of them a strong hug and my sister tears up a little bit. I hug my father 
and Tabitha as well, my father holding me firmly in his strong arms.
“Be good boys and don’t worry about us. Come visit whenever you can and keep in 
touch!” My father and mother say before letting us off.
“Bye Brother, bye Elijah! Be safe!” My sister shouts out to us as we walk down the 
stairs.
“Your luggage is in the back carriage.” The driver bows and opens the door for the both 
of us.
“Destination, Xyrus Academy!!” Elijah points his finger to upward to the sky as if 
making a declaration before getting inside the carriage.
The ride to Xyrus Academy wasn’t too long since it was in the same City, but the 
campus itself was huge so going in through the main gate took some time.
There was an abundance of other extravagantly decorated carriages, some twice as 
long as normal carriages, with low ranked mana beasts to pull them.
“Pshh… what a bunch of show-offs.” Elijah grumbled as he watched pompous looking 
students confidently stepping out of the carriage with decorated weapons to signify 
that they were either a Conjurer or Augmenter.
Our carriage was quite luxurious as well, but that was from the standpoint of 
commoners. Compared to those richly decorated carriages of major families, ours 
weren’t nearly as eye-catching.
“We have arrived Master Arthur, Master Elijah.” The driver opens the door for us and 
we step out, the both of us inhaling a deep breath of the campus air.
“Huh… the air tastes the same here… Thought it’d taste better.” Elijah says while 
smacking his lips.
“Don’t be stupid.” I push my friend forward as we followed the crowd of students all 
walking on the marble walkway.
“Holy mother of…” Elijah’s jaw drops as he looks almost vertically up at the building 
in front of us. The enormous white building that seemed to have words etched unto it 
even left me astounded.
“Let’s go in.” I snap Elijah back into sense and we walk in alongside the other new 
students attending this school for the first time.
Once inside, I winced by how loud it was. Thousands of excited students all chattered 
away, some with friends that they came with, some with people they’re meeting for 
the first time.
“LET’S FIND A SEAT!” I need to shout for Elijah, who was right next to me, to hear. 
Eventually, we found a seat in the middle of the auditorium near the back rows.
Looking around more carefully, I was surprised at how many dwarves and elves I see 
seated, chatting away with those around them.
“Wow, I’ve never seen full elves before until now. Looks like it’s true that all three races 
can fully attend this Academy now.” Elijah excitedly looks around, scouting for 
potential soul mates amongst the crowd. I can’t help but shake my head at the 
expected behavior, when I can only see these students as little kids.”
Getting bored of looking around me, I focus my attention on the stage where it was 
still empty except for a single podium. Suddenly, a sharp blur focuses into form and I 
see Director Goodsky standing behind the podium. She wasn’t wearing the oversized 
hat that Conjurers wear like she did the last time we met almost 4 years ago, but 
instead, she wore an elegant white circlet that matched her white robe. She had her 
eyes closed but when she opened them, she was looking straight at me, which sent 
shivers down my back. Smiling, she raised her hand slowly while her eyes were still 
locked onto mine.
By this time, many more of the incoming first years noticed her and began talking even 
louder, some cheering, but when Director Goodsky’s hand reached where her head 
was, suddenly, everything went dead silent.
Looking around, everyone had looks of surprise and while everyone’s lips were 
moving, no sound was heard from anyone in the audience.
“Excuse me for my rudeness but I do hate speaking up. Not good for my throat, no it is 
not.” She says in a pleasant voice that, while soft, was heard perfectly clear even from 
here in the back row.
“I welcome everyone here, the future leaders, scholars and powerhouses of Dicathen 
to this humble Academy. I am Cynthia Goodsky, please call me Director Goodsky and 
do not be afraid to say hello when I walk around campus. I am no good with speeches 
so I stand here before you mages today to say hello and introduce to you the Student 
Council that represent this Academy and take part I making important decisions along 
with me. Please give them a warm welcome.” She waves her hand that was raised up 
and one by one, members of the council start walking out.
I first see Jarrod walking confidently, looking straight ahead, his pretty boy face seems 
initiated a wave of shrill screams from the girls in the audience. Behind him, a very 
playful, cheery guy comes out while he waves at the audience, beaming us a bright 
smile.
“Look look! There’s Lilia! We need to cheer!” Elijah stands up and shouts at the top of 
his lungs and I follow him, yelling her name as well. Her shy demeanor was nowhere 
to be seen as she walked calmly towards the center of the stage, where she gave small 
bows. There was no way she could see us or hear our individual cheers but we still 
gave it our all to cheer our friend up.
Behind her walked out a tall student with long bangs that parted in a 2:8 ratio. He had 
a very serious face and the way he held himself up reeked of an all-mighty attitude. All 
that was missing was glasses, but he didn’t wear any, his eyes looked even sharper 
than Elijah’s but in a cold, quiet sort of way, he was attractive, starting another wave 
of cheers from the excited girls in the crowd around us.
Finally, the last to arrive actually made the crowd silent. The unmistakable gunmetal 
silver hair that reflected the lights in the auditorium gave her a serene glow as her 
peachy cre me complexion made the boys around me gape. She turned to face the 
audience so that her round, turquoise eyes captured the hearts of every boy in this 
auditorium.
She was only 13… right?
I had a hard time believing the girl I couldn’t see as more than a kid matured enough 
to make me gulp. She still had an immature face that couldn’t be hidden no matter how 
beautiful she may be in comparison to everyone else, but just imagining the potential 
she had made me shake my head.
While still a little taller than Lilia, she was quite a bit shorter than the serious-looking 
guy next to her but her posture made her seem bigger and grander than everyone else 
on the stage. Taking a deep bow, she comes back up while tucking a side of her hair 
behind her pointed ears, her face emotionless as if she were a doll.
“My name is Tessia Eralith and I am honored to stand here as this Academy’s Student 
Council President.”
The incoming students of all three races that were cheering for each of the Student 
Council members fell silent when Tess walked in. With her gunmetal silver hair 
swaying behind her as each of her dignified steps echoed throughout the silent 
auditorium, she single-handedly changed the atmosphere inside this entire building.
As she bowed and tucked her hair behind her ear, a roar of applause erupted as both 
males and females alike cheered from admiration. I thought the cheers would last a 
lot longer but as soon as Tess started speaking, it was as if each of the students in the 
crowd covered each other’s mouth so that they can hear her voice.
“My name is Tessia Eralith and I am honored to stand here as this Academy’s Student 
Council President.”
Murmurs started after the crowd once again cheered for our beautiful president. Next 
to me was a scrawny human boy that was talking to his friend on the other side.
“THAT’S the Princess Eralith I was talking about. My older brother that goes here told 
me she became a direct disciple under the Director and she’s been on campus since 
last year and will start formally attending this year with us!” He leaned in to his friend 
so only he could hear but the volume he spoke betrayed him.
“T-that means she’s the first non-human to set foot on this campus. Wait… she’s only 
a first year and she’s already the Student Council President? Is that even possible?” 
His friend, whom I couldn’t really see, spoke louder and louder with each word, the 
neighboring students hearing it as well.
“Yeah I heard of her as well! She’s supposedly a super-genius of some sort right?”
“Why the hell is she so damn beautiful if she’s also talented as well? This isn’t even 
fair…”
“I wonder what I would have to give to get her to even look at me?”
The audience was filled with different talks about Tessia but while for the males it 
revolved around how much of an unobtainable star she was, for the females, it was a 
mixture of admiration and envy. Sylv was going crazy on top of my head as she 
recognized Tess down on stage.
“Kyuu~” ‘Papa! That’s Mama! She’s down there! Let’s go say hi!’ Sylv was jumping up 
and down so I picked her up and wrapped my arms around her.
‘Who’s your Mama!’ I couldn’t help but sigh in defeat at her excitement. Tess became 
pretty close to Sylv a bit after hatching so I can see why she’s so fond of her… but
mama?
“Woah…” Elijah, who I stopped paying attention to firmly gripped my arm with both 
of his hands as if he needed me to support him from fainting.
“Woah…” Repeated Elijah. For how smart he looks, he sure acts like an idiot at times 
like these.
“You okay there, Elijah?” I lightly nudge his head but his head just bounces like a 
bobble head toy.
“…Art… I think I’m in love.” His hands that were firmly gripping my arm suddenly 
intertwined with my arm as he linked arms with me, imagining me as Tessia.
Okay this is getting out of hand. I tell Sylvie to attack and she promptly locks her jaw 
on the top of Elijah’s head as he starts screaming from more surprise than pain.
“Oh sorry…” With Sylv still dangling on the crown of his head, Elijah lets go of my arm 
and starts focusing on the stage below again.
As the crowd settled down enough for Tessia to start speaking again, Director Goodsky 
silently disappeared.
Tessia spoke eloquently enough to even surprise me. She was only 13, yet she had the 
ability to draw the crowd’s full attention with her unadorned words filled with 
maturity. She spoke about the principles of this Academy, how this is a holy ground 
where students should feel safe to walk freely around. Tessia emphasized the 
discipline one would face if anyone hurt another student outside of a consented duel.
“While I may be a first year as all of you are, having given the privilege to be inside the 
academy a year longer made it all too apparent to me that there is a deeply embedded 
discrimination against the Scholar mage students by the Battle mage students. I for 
one will not tolerate any sort of aggression or bullying based on the fact that one is a 
Scholar Mage student.” Tessia’s voice never wavered as she stood behind the podium.
The crowd grew a little noisy at this statement, as everyone present knows all too well 
some of the hardships one may face if they are a Scholar Mage student.
“Starting this year, while uniforms and the upper courses required may be different, 
for the first two years, general education, that contains the mixture of both Scholar 
Mage classes and Battle Mage classes will be mandatory for better assimilation 
between the two different types of students. After the two years is up, one may choose 
to switch their education specialization by taking a test, although it is a quite difficult 
one.” This last statement drew in dissatisfied complains from amongst the students in 
the crowd. While both Elijah and I didn’t have to take a test due to my special 
connection with Director Goodsky, all students, regardless of background had to test 
for either a Scholar Mage or Battle mage position.
To get in as a Scholar Mage, an incoming student only needs a basic foundation in 
magic, which is mana gathering. While they had to take a written exam to test their 
mental acuteness, the practical portion of the exam was much more simple. Battle 
Mage students, however, had a much stricter practical exam, actually performing basic 
spells or techniques depending on whether they were a Conjurer or Augmenter. It may 
seem like a cakewalk for someone like Elijah, Tess, or me, I’ll admit it could be quite a 
bit of challenge for someone who just awakened.
The tall stern looking fellow stepped up next, silencing the crowd with a wave of his 
hand.
“My name is Clive Graves and I am your Student Vice President. Continuing on from 
what the President said, this year contains many changes. Along with the assimilation 
and freedom to move between the two student types, there will also be no limit on 
how long a student can attend this academy. While in the past, the professors here 
pushed students to graduate after 4 years, it is becoming more and more apparent 
that many graduate’s capability as a mage is becoming less than satisfactory. 
Therefore, the Director has declared that instead of a time limit on graduating, in order 
to graduate from Xyrus Academy, one needs to fulfill a list of requirements and pass 
the graduation exam. While the conditions to graduate have become many folds 
harder, the time limit to graduate has increased to 10 years. In that time, we fervently 
hope to produce top class mages in both the theoretical and combat fields. We 
welcome everyone here, humans, elves and dwarves alike to this Academy.” Clive 
bows, the rest of the Student Council following him.
The last part of the announcement wasn’t exactly news for any of us. It was announced 
quite recently though, which made me think that it had something to do with the new 
Continent. Was this Academy being used to produce higher quality mages in case of a 
future battle against the new Continent?
“That’s the firstborn son of the famous Graves family! Make sure not to get on his bad 
side.” Again the boy next to me whispers in a pointlessly loud volume.
After finishing up the ceremony, all the new students were dismissed to their dorms. 
Filing out of the auditorium, my eyes unconsciously looked for Tess but she was 
nowhere in sight. Outside, the trees that arched over the marble walkways produce 
small showers of leaves of fall colors. The students were all excitedly chatting amongst 
their peers, getting to know new people. Walking deeper within the campus to where 
the dorms were, I see female students passing by Elijah and I, taking a double take 
back at us and giggling with their friends.
“Sigh… I feel like I become significantly less better looking when I’m next to you.” 
Elijah’s shoulders hunch as we walk along side-by-side, Sylv pitifully patting Elijah’s 
head from on top of mine.
“Well, even if most come after me, some of the girls will have to eventually settle for 
you right buddy?” I tease, giving him a playful wink.
“Screw you.” He hits me on the stomach as the both of us laugh.
*BOOM*
The loud explosion surprises the both of us as well as the students walking around us. 
We rushed towards the commotion at the end of the marble walkway.
“I don’t see how a short-ass dwarf like you can hope to be a proper Augmenter. Why 
don’t you stick to forging some weapons for real warriors like me?”
“What da hell didja say? Who do ya think ya are anyway?”
I stop running when I realize what’s going on a still pretty good distance away, shaking 
my head. It was just a stupid brawl about to happen between two students. The 
explosion was made from the human hitting his fist on the nearby tree with mana.
“Couldn’t this become dangerous?” Elijah looks around where some of the students 
had to deliberately walk around the two of them just in case they start fighting. We 
were amongst the last to leave the auditorium so most are already deeper within the 
campus or inside their dorms, so there weren’t many people but if they do start 
fighting, some students in the vicinity may get caught up in this mess.
“They wouldn’t dare do something like fighting on the first day right? Let’s just go.” I 
try to nudge my friend to a roundabout route avoiding the two arguing students.
“Come on, we have nothing to do besides unpack anyway! Let’s just see how good they 
are. Look, the human looks to be a level two Augmenter.” He points at the brawny 
human.
Looking at them, both the dwarf and human student had Battle Mage uniforms, but 
the human had two stripes on his tie while the dwarf had only one.
“My name is Nicolas Dreyl! Declare the duel short-ass so we can start! Or are you all 
bark no bite?” The human smirks, placing his right hand on the badge pinned to his 
left breast.
“Tch! Yer gonna be sorry.” The dwarf that looked around 150cm with a bulky build 
looked awkward wearing the blazer uniform but the way he carried his giant battleaxe with ease tells me he’s more than what the single stripe on his tie tells us.
The metal badge on both the human and dwarf glows brightly as the dwarf starts 
chanting after placing his hand on his badge as well. “I declare a duel between me, 
Broznean Boor and Nicolas Dreyl!”
“I accept the duel!” The two badges glow and different colors until it syncs together 
and produces a loud ‘ping’ sound.
The badge on the Battle Mage uniform and the pocket watch on the Scholar Mage 
uniform act as an artifact for the dueling system, creating a layer of barrier around the 
user that can take a certain amount of force. When the barrier breaks, the duel is 
considered over and the other party the winner. It takes around 24 hours for the 
artifact to charge another barrier where, during that time, dueling is not allowed. 
Mages of a higher level aren’t allowed to issue a duel with lower levels to keep it fair, 
which is why the human had to taunt the dwarf to start the duel.
The human mage takes out dual swords from his dimension ring and gets into a stance 
as the people around start backing up to avoid getting caught up in the fight.
“Go dwarf!” Elijah starts cheering himself in favor of Broznean, getting dirty looks in 
the process.
I study the two Augmenters and see that the level two human is a red core stage mage 
while the dwarf is still a black stage. This should be interesting.
“HAAP!” The human student roars as his two broadswords glow a dim yellow color 
and the earth surrounding him starts trembling.
“JAH!” The dwarf leaps up and propels himself forward by pushing off of a nearby tree, 
charging his battle-axe as well with earth attribute mana.
“Ooh! Both are Earth Attribute Augmenters Art!” Elijah gets more excited as leans 
closer towards the fight as Sylv is asleep on my head.
“Tremor Smash!” The dwarf shouts, placing his left palm on the head of his axe, making 
the dull glow condense.
*BOOM*
The power of the blow from the dwarf forces the human to skid back even as he 
blocked with both his swords. I could see both his arms shaking as he grimaces.
The human boy lowers his two swords and dashes towards the dwarf who was already 
in a defensive stance. The dual swords scrape along the ground and as he swings up 
after getting into range, a trail of earth follows along, creating a blade of earth after his 
blade.
Not bad. While it wasn’t surprising that the dwarf could already use his earth attribute 
element, it surprised me that a human on the red stage could already augment his 
earth attribute to that degree. He was talented in that sense.
“Shatter!” The dwarf’s body glows yellow and he stomps his right foot hard unto the 
ground, creating a ripple around him as the earth blade that was coming towards him 
falls down in fragments. The dwarf blocks the human’s two actual blades with his axe 
but gets a little scrape on his arm from the upward swing.
“Earth Pillar!” Following the upward swipe, he stomps hard with his leading foot 
directly in front of the dwarf creating a pretty fragile column of rock from the ground 
that hits the dwarf squarely on the stomach.
“Oof!” The dwarf’s body lifts into the air from the force of the blow and his shield 
breaks with loud shattering sound, signaling that the duel is over.
Cheers go off from the humans that gathered but the dwarves amongst the audience 
groan in embarrassment.
Elijah just sighs and starts to leave but before I follow him, I see the slight smirk on 
the human’s face as he once again imbues mana into his two blades.
That fool wasn’t planning on finishing it with that. He was going for the final blow.
If I were to use a long-range technique, that’ll create even more problems but if I go 
there and directly interfere, everyone would know it would be me.
Gah! Why couldn’t Elijah see that the human was going to cast another technique? If 
Elijah interfered with a spell, it would be more natural since he’s a Conjurer.
There was this way too. Sorry Tess.
“IS THAT THE STUDENT COUNCIL PRESIDENT I SEE COMING OVER?” I deliberately 
yell louder so that the human boy that won the duel would be startled.
Just like I anticipated, he clicks his tongue and puts his swords back into his dimension 
ring, jerking his eyes around to find the President.
The crowd that was talking amongst their friends, analyzing the duel all started 
looking around for Tessia.
“Where’s the Student Council President?” Elijah stretches his neck above the crowd to 
look for her.
“Oops! I must’ve been mistaken!” I just shrug my shoulders and turn to walk past when 
a hand firmly grasps my shoulder.
“Are you picking a fight with me or something brat?” It was the human that was just 
dueling, Nick or Nicole or whatever.
“Yeah! What the hell man! Getting us excited for nothing!” I see some of the humans 
evidently disappointed at not being able to see their idol in person.
“I thought I saw her. Once again, my bad.” I use my hand to peel his hands off of my 
shoulder, giving him a wink.
“Yeah, your bad.” He snatches his hand away before he walks away, spitting on the 
ground in front of my feet.
“You know, a good advice if you want to graduate… I don’t think killing that dwarf boy 
would’ve done you any good.” I stand still as Sylv spits directly at the back of his neck.
He instantly whirls back around with his two swords in his hands once again. I can 
almost see a vein bulging out of his forehead like it would in a cartoon.
“Pfft.” Oops, I shouldn’t laugh in this situation. I take a quick glance and see that Elijah 
is just shaking his head, knowing it’s too late.
“YOU DARE??” The thirteen-year-old boy with swords too big for his immature body 
dash towards me in a manner I find clumsy, preparing to cross chop with his two 
blades, his face bright red in anger.
I lift an eyebrow as I lift one hand up to stop the blow. Why make myself look foolish?
Just as I prepare to shatter his two swords, a voice stops him straight in his tracks. It 
was the voice that all of the new students heard not too long ago and the voice 
probably every male fell in love with. It was also the voice of my childhood friend.
“Do YOU dare?”
I can see the face of the dual-wielding boy visibly pale as he freezes at the 
unmistakable voice. I turn to see that the whole Student Council was walking towards 
us through a gap created by the students to make way.
Taking calm but hurried strides in the front was Tess, her doll-like face expressionless. 
Behind her, I spotted Lilia giving me a worried look.
My attacker immediately recalls his two blades into his dimension ring and gives a 
respectful bow towards them, sweat beading down his forehead.
“What is going on, Arthur?” Jarrod is the one that speaks up, making everyone in the 
crowd raise an eyebrow in surprise.
“Looks like the Scholar Mage knows someone from the Student Council.” “No wonder 
he was acting so cocky just now.” “Pfft. Did you see him raise up his arm like he was 
going to stop the attack with his bare hands?” Whispers were heard from the crowd 
making me roll my eyes. The immaturity level of some of these brats continues to 
astound me. Even for 12-year-olds, you would think that children from such influential 
families would be taught some manners.
“Nah, nothing much happened, although you should go take a look at that dwarf 
student lying over there, Boznean I think that was his name.” I point over to the tree 
where the dwarf was still groaning while clutching his stomach.
Elijah walks towards me hoping to distill the situation. “Hi Lilia. Sorry, we ended up 
getting caught up in this little scuffle after the duel between them ended. No harm 
done!” He gives a slight wave at her as he starts talking while directing his words at 
Tessia, who still wore a mask of apathy.
“Still, this student was about to attack you when a duel wasn’t even issued. This is a 
serious offense.” Lilia stepped up, her gaze a bit sterner as she jotted something on a 
notebook she carried around.
While Lilia, Jarrod, and Elijah were talking about what exactly happened, I felt Tessia’s 
strong gaze piercing through me, as if she was expecting me to do something. Honestly, 
even with an extended life experience, I have no confidence in what to do when it 
comes to these situations.
Did she want me to treat her respectfully as the Student Council President? Did she 
want me to treat her as a childhood friend? Did she want to keep our past relationship 
a secret as a whole?
‘It’s Mama!’ Sylv ‘kyu’d’ on top of my head and I had to firmly tell her to stay on my 
head and not go to her.
Meanwhile, the crowd was getting more and more rowdy, the males doing the best 
they can to get a better look at Tessia, hoping to engrain her image into their memories 
to use in times of loneliness or longing.
“You. I believed I asked you a question. Do you dare?” She takes a step forward, her 
eyes boring down on the second year student. I was thinking that the student was 
technically a level higher than Tess, but when I took a look at the ribbon that was tied 
neatly underneath her collar, it had two stripes as well.
“N-no. Of course I would never dare break the rules like that. Please forgive my earlier 
actions. I think I was a bit too hotheaded.” He bowed even lower to the point that I felt 
like he was shrinking.
“Leave.” Her eyes continue to look down at him as he shuffles himself a good distance 
away before he turns around and runs out of sight, a few of the boys in the crowd 
following after him. Figures.
“And you! Why are you starting a fight with a senior on the first day of school? You 
should know your place! No matter how rowdy he may have been, he is still your 
senior and he did not break the rules when dueling with the other student. 
Furthermore, he is a Battle Mage student while you are a Scholar Mage student. Did 
you not pay attention to my speech about discrimination between the two sects of 
students here? Yet, you still chose to interfere, making these types of problems 
apparent on the first day?” She crosses her arms even tighter as she looks directly at 
me. Her face was a bit flushed in embarrassment but she took it too far with this.
“HAA?” I couldn’t help but let out an annoyed sound of surprise by her statement.
I take a step forward this time and I can see Elijah’s eyes widen as he realized I was 
going to go past the point of no return.
“You just got here without even knowing what was going on besides him charging at 
me with two weapons and you want to lecture me?” I take another step forward and I 
can see Tessia’s once haughty face starting to crumble.
“He was about to seriously injure or even kill that dwarf lying down right now after 
the duel system broke. If I hadn’t stopped that arrogant brat, you would’ve had to deal 
with a murder case, not an unregulated fight between two students.” I was within 
arm’s length distance of her and I was the one looking down on her at this time. What 
a lovely reunion.
“I SINCERELY apologize for the trouble I’ve caused. Good day!” I emphasize mockingly, 
even throwing in a sarcastic bow, stunning everyone, including Tessia.
So much for maturity… She was still just a thirteen-year-old little girl. What was I even 
expecting? I shake my head as I turn around in the direction of my dorms, Elijah 
following after, bowing to student council, all of whom were still dumbfounded.
“Hold it student. Were you raised in a cave? Are these the manners your mother taught 
you while growing up? Do you even know who she is?” It was Clive Graves who 
regained his senses first and ran towards me, grabbing me by the arm, trying to spin 
me back around.
Holding firm, I stop walking and turn my head towards him. He kind of pissed me off 
from the start and I knew he wasn’t the type I would get along with. Was I raised in a 
cave? Is he seriously talking trash about Alice right now?
“Let go.” The malice in my voice frightened even Elijah as he instinctively took a step 
back while Clive immediately let go of my arm and even guarded himself with mana.
I take a quick glance at Tessia and realize she fell down as her knees gave out. I just 
continued walking towards the dorm, Elijah following behind me as the both of us 
hears mutters explode behind us.
“Ahh! President Tessia, please get back up.”
“Who the hell was that? I think Treasurer Jarrod called him Arthur right?”
“Oh man he is so screwed. He just told off the Student President of the Academy.”
Elijah took a few hurried steps to catch up to me, eventually walking by my side. “You 
know what you just did right? Man, you sure love attracting trouble don’t you. First 
the dungeon and now this?” He shakes his head but continues to follow me as if 
assuring me nonverbally that he’d be by my side.
Pfft, if only they knew Tess and my relationship. Gah! Maybe I was a bit too harsh on 
her. She’s just a prepubescent girl. I shouldn’t get irritated because she just acted like 
one right? I guess I was expecting too much from her.
Well… I’ll just let nature take its course. School should at least be this exciting right? I 
wasn’t really mad at her, but I was just annoyed at that moment. I should reconcile 
with her before it gets too awkward but I get the feeling that the timing is going to be 
an issue.
Elijah and I manage to make it to our dorm building without further trouble. There 
were two male dorms and two female dorms within the Academy. The two male and 
female dorms were separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. Underclassmen 
were students that were still taking their general education classes. Students are 
moved into the Upperclassmen dorms after they’ve finished their general education 
courses and have formally decided on what type of student they were going to be.
The underclassmen dorms were simple to say the least. It was clean and well-kept but 
there were no fancy furniture or decorations on the wall. It was a warm beige colored 
interior with stairs that went all the way up to the top floor, where each floor had a 
hallway filled with rooms.
“Room 394. We’re here!” Elijah unlocks the door by placing his palm on a round stone 
above the handle. It looks like a simple artifact used to read basic mana signatures.
The room wasn’t nearly as fancy as the one in the Helstea Manor but it was still very 
homey. Walking in, to our right were two closets and two our left, a decent sized 
bathroom with two sinks a shower and a separate toilet room so I could still wash my 
face in the sink while Elijah takes a crap. The shower was made from stained glass so 
while the silhouette may be visible, you wouldn’t be able to see much.
A couple steps in were two beds side by side separated by a nightstand placed against 
the left side of the wall while on the right side was a long drawer for folded clothes. 
The sleeping area and the studying area was separated by a wall that came up to our 
waist, with three stairs leading to where the desks and couches were. The two desks 
were placed against opposite of each other so we would be seated facing away with a 
long couch positioned against the miniature wall separating the desks from the beds. 
The far side of the wall was made almost entirely of glass, which instantly attracted 
me towards it. The view encompassed a big portion of the campus, which was 
currently a canvas of fall colors. Looking at it from here, I would have no idea that this 
place was an institute of mages without being told that.
I took a seat on the couch, somewhat excited about the days to come, Sylv still leaning 
against the window, looking out at the view.
“Ahh! We didn’t even have dinner yet but I’m already pooped! I wonder whose fault 
that is?” Elijah jumps on the far bed that was right behind the couch, already claiming 
that as his own.
I shrink back into the couch, getting comfortable as I spotted the multiple luggage 
cases that were brought in by our driver beforehand.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
GAAHHHHHH! I screwed up. I screwed up. I screwed up. I TOTALLY screwed up! I 
buried my head into my pillow and screamed my lungs out in frustration.
“MMMMMMMFFFFFFFFFPPPHHH!!” We were supposed to have an emotional, 
romantic reunion! Well… It was emotional, but in the complete opposite direction! 
Why did I even say all of that anyway? Why did I lash out at him? I know Art would 
never pick a fight without a reason but I just went and told him off on something I 
didn’t even see! Gah!! I’m so stupid!
I bet he hates me now…
Why did I say that!!! I even brought up my speech! Bahhh! I must’ve sounded so 
arrogant! But still, we were in a crowd like that and he did have some fault in the 
commotion. B-but…
I’m sure he hates me now…
If Art just greeted me or even just talked to me normally, I wouldn’t have said that! 
That’s right! It’s all Art’s fault! He even ignored me when I came all the way there to 
help settle the mess he was in! He didn’t even say hi! I wasn’t expecting a full-blown 
hug or even a k-k-kiss or something! Just a ‘long time no see Tess,’ would’ve been fine! 
Who was that black haired guy that reminds me of a raven anyway? Is he his friend? 
Best friend? It seemed like the both of them knew Lilia and Jarrod! Gahh!!!! This is so 
frustrating!!!
I scream into my pillow again in hopes to release some of my frustration. 
“MMMMMFFFFFF!!!!”
*Knock* *Knock*
“This is Clive… I’m here to check up on you. Are you feeling okay?” I hear the muffled 
voice through the door.
“Ahem.” I quietly clear my throat before I respond.
“I’m fine, thank you.” I use my ‘public’ voice, as I call it, which makes me sound much 
colder.
“Who was that brat anyway? I can’t believe he dared lecture you like that when you 
were trying to give him advice! Should I talk to the director about this? We could get 
him punished and…”
“It’s fine so leave. Don’t go to the Director either… that’s an order.” I speak harsher than 
I usually do to get the point across. How dare he badmouths Art. Only I can badmouth 
him.
I fall back unto my pillow after I hear the faint sound of his footsteps leaving. Dorms 
were separated by gender and class while before it was separated by the type of 
student you were. For the Student Councils though, we each had our own room in a 
building that was right next to the Director’s office. It’s uncomfortable living with guys 
in the same house but Lilia is here and the guys are generally okay so I don’t mind too 
much.
Stupid Arthur. Did you know how much I wanted to scream out your name and run to 
you when I saw you in the audience? Even if he was far away, how could I ever miss 
that bright auburn hair with a mana beast resting on top of his head! Sylv looks really 
different from when she first hatched but that didn’t surprise me. The fact that she 
was a dragon was something that should shock me but with Art, nothing he ever did 
could surprise me… he was just like that.
“Haaa…” I didn’t even have the energy to scream in frustration anymore. I wanted to 
blame Art for all of this but I know he wasn’t all at fault. He probably wanted to keep 
our relationship a secret for me since I’m a public figure here. But still… Art really 
doesn’t get the female mind very well. Dummy…
I hope he doesn’t hate me…
There were so many questions I wanted to ask him too. What has he been doing? How 
was his time as an Adventurer? Did he get hurt anywhere? Did he miss me? Did he 
think of me at all these past four years?
I wanted to brag to him how much stronger I’ve gotten too… After directly training 
under the Director, my skills as a Conjurer improved by leaps and bounds. Training 
under Grandpa wasn’t the best idea because he was an Augmenter, which limited what 
he could teach me. He taught me the basics of mana manipulation but as far as going 
into the route of a Conjurer, the Director knew a lot more. She was also familiar with 
the differences in elves and humans, which helped her train me.
Grandpa knew I had great potential because when I first awakened, I created an 
implosion that blew up my entire room and part of the downstairs kitchen. That was 
back when Art used to live with us. That was when I had to wake him up every day too.
*Sniff*
Oh no. I shouldn’t start crying. Art wouldn’t hate me just for that would he? I should 
just clear things up with him and apologize. He wouldn’t ignore me right?
Ugh… I’m scared.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Sylv was taking a nap next to me on the couch, her tiny body heaving up and down 
with each breath.
“It’s not like you to explode like that all of a sudden though Art. You would more likely 
just ignore her and walk off right?” Elijah was still lying down in his bed, his hand 
supporting his head up as he was facing me.
“Well, I admit I shouldn’t have exploded but I couldn’t help…”
*Knock* *Knock*
We both turned our heads to the door after being interrupted.
“That’s strange, who would want to see us on the first day? Maybe our neighbors are 
just saying hello?” Elijah gets up to answer the door.
“Who is…” After a brief silence, I turn to see Elijah frozen still. Getting up to see what 
was going on, I see Director Goodsky nonchalantly at the door, smiling at me.
“Good evening Arthur. Elijah. May I come in?”
“D-D-Director Goodsky! I-it’s an honor to meet you in person.” Elijah gives a forceful 
bow that looked almost comedic towards the ever-graceful Cynthia Goodsky.
He lifted his head back up too quickly, almost dropping his glasses in the process while 
the Director gave a polite smile, the crow’s feet around her eyes adding more charm.
“Please come in Director Goodsky. Elijah, stop blocking the doorway.” I pull out the 
chair from my desk, motioning for the Director to take a seat on the sofa.
“I told you to call me Cynthia.” She gives a pouting face as she almost floats past Elijah 
and takes a seat on the couch, the door closing on its own. The amount of harmony 
she has with the wind element continues to amaze me as the air around her almost 
seem to bend to her will without even a command.
“I don’t think it would be wise of a twelve year old with no background to be on a first 
name basis with the Director of the most prestigious academy in this Continent.” I 
chuckle as I take a seat on my desk chair as well as she sits cross-legged, her back kept 
straight and proper.
“My… your bond has changed a lot in appearance since the last time I met. Intriguing.” 
Cynthia tries to hold Sylv, who was curled on the couch, but she hops out of her reach 
and nestles herself on top of my head.
“Haha, as shy as before I see.” She gives Sylvie one last studying look before she starts 
staring at me. “Hmmm… how peculiar. I seem to only sense your wind and earth 
attribute mana inside of you. Are you, by chance, using a seal?” She tilts her head to 
the side while Elijah was standing ramrod straight behind her, as if he was in front of 
his commanding officer in war.
I lifted my left arm to reveal my bracelet with two charms dangling on it to answer her 
question.
“Can’t say I’m not disappointed. I was hoping to go around flaunting you as my little 
prote ge but I guess even a dual elemental augmenter is rare enough to do so. But you 
becoming a Scholar Mage student was something that I definitely expected.” She gave 
a soft chuckle.
“I was planning on taking a visit to your office to update you on some things but it 
saves me the trouble by you coming here I guess. I’ve probably made an enemy from 
a not so friendly family while I was an Adventurer so I don’t want to give anyone any 
reasons for him to suspect me, at least not right now.” I lean back in my chair as I 
studied the two charms on my bracelet.
“Yes, I’ve read the reports on the case between Adventurer Note, and Adventurer 
Lucas Wykes. Quite a troublesome foe you’ve managed to pick up. While I do have a 
certain amount of authority over his family, as they are a military house, they have too 
many hidden workings that continue to elude us.” Director Cynthia was rubbing her 
chin, thinking of a solution.
“It’s fine. I don’t consider that an urgent matter. He’s just a piece of trash I’ll have to 
pick up someday. If I do something rash now and it goes back to my friends and family, 
THAT’S when it would be a problem. I would like your help with another matter.” I put 
my elbows on my knees as I lean forward towards Director Cynthia.
“Please speak.” She kindly replied.
“I want to take higher level mana theory classes, especially those on deviants.” I state 
simply.
“Hmm… That wouldn’t be too difficult to do, but Arthur, wasn’t one of your main 
reasons for attending this academy to fit in with your peers?” She eyed me in a 
studying manner.
“I don’t mind taking these extra classes on top of my normal ones, where I would be 
with students my age. I’m just impatient to learn a bit more about deviant mana 
manipulation since I’ve hit a ceiling on that recently.” I almost blurted out saying, ‘since 
there was no deviation magic in my old world.’
“Fine. I can make that happen, and I can even give you a pass to permit you to observe 
the upper class top mages mock battle as well in their practices.” She sounded 
magnanimous but I only eyed her suspiciously.
“Okay… So what’s the catch?” I raised an eyebrow.
“Arthur! I’m heartbroken! I only wanted to do this for your growth!” She over 
exaggerated her act as she placed both hands on top of her heart as if struck by an 
arrow.
“Art! You’re being rude to the Director!” Elijah looked a little panicked, as he couldn’t 
see the Director’s facial expression as she did this.
I didn’t say anything, only staring at her to get an answer.
“Sigh… Very well. Of course I would like some sort of ‘reward’ for doing these favors 
for you.” She finally caved in, baffling Elijah.
“I hope you don’t say something absurd like joining the student council.” I shake my 
head. These situations seemed like it called for that type of response.
“Pfft! I heard of your little bout with the Princess earlier.” She starts laughing, as my 
face turns a bit red in embarrassment.
“I didn’t expect the ever calm and composed Arthur Leywin to explode like that. I 
guess Princess Eralith is a bit special?” She was still snickering at my embarrassment.
“Wait what does she mean by that Art?” Elijah walked towards us so he could see the 
both of us now, although he remained standing out of respect towards Cynthia.
Before the Director answered, she looked to me to see if I was okay with it. After giving 
her an unconcerned shrug, she tells Elijah. “Your best friend is also happens to be the 
childhood friend of the Student Council President that every male student seems to be 
enamored with.” The Director gives a sly grin, as if she was just a teenager that was 
telling some rich gossip.
I was a little worried that Elijah’s jaw might unhinge by how much his face slacked. I 
could see a mixture of emotions, from shock to betrayal to envy all in his face.
“How? When? What??” He couldn’t produce complete sentences as he was still trying 
to wrap his head around the whole situation.
Ignoring him, I turned back to Cynthia. “How did you find out anyway? I’m not 
surprised that you know but shouldn’t be something you could just stumble upon 
either.” I asked, curious.
“Haha~ about that. Virion Eralith happens to be an old acquaintance of mine. I didn’t 
tell anyone else, but I did excitedly mention to him that my academy would be 
receiving a gifted quadra-elemental mage in a couple of years. Him and I were quite 
competitive from way back then, but he took the news quite calmly, which made me 
suspicious. However, I didn’t find out until I took in his granddaughter as my disciple. 
Do you know the first thing she said when I took her in?” She was trying to hold in her 
laughter.
I just shook my head in defeat, my face becoming even a deeper shade of red.
“When is Arthur Leywin going to start attending this school?” Director Cynthia said, 
purposely making her voice sound more like Tess’. For how grand and mysterious she 
might seem to everyone else, was here laughing like a preteen, taking joy in my 
embarrassment.
“What? Art! How do you know her!?” Elijah practically wanted to choke the answers 
out of me but I could tell he was holding it in since the Director was still here, although 
she probably wouldn’t have cared.
“Eventually, I pieced the two and two together. Really… Being trained by Virion, I feel 
somewhat betrayed Arthur.” She put on a pouting face again, making me roll my eyes.
By this time, Elijah just sinks into his desk chair, giving up, done with life.
“I don’t mean to intrude in on your love life but she thinks very highly of you Arthur. 
I’m sure she didn’t mean to come across as the way she did earlier. My training 
regimen is not easy and the few that have tried have failed. The reason she was able 
to keep up and continue to train under me is to catch up to you Arthur. Even you know 
that you acted quite immaturely there.” She does a complete 180 as she puts on a 
motherly vibe now, confusing me.
“Yeah. I know how dumb I acted there as well, no need to remind me.” I sigh, leaning 
further back into my seat.
“You will make up with her soon right? I’d hate to see my disciple disheartened while 
she trains.” She smiles at me gently before continuing. “What I want from you is not to 
be in the student council, but actually a committee that is going to start this year. The 
Disciplinary Committee.”
I knew she wanted me to do to something like this. “Forget it. I don’t need the theory 
classes. I’ll just teach myself from the books in the library.” I shake my head.
“The books on deviants aren’t accessible to underclassmen and even for 
upperclassmen, you need to show that you are a deviant, something that you can’t do
right now right?” She calmly refutes my plans.
“Being part of this disciplinary committee or whatever… how does that make sense? 
I’m a new student that’s in this academy as a Scholar Mage student, what would the 
other members think anyway?” I try to reason.
“While they might not agree at first, with some time, I believe you will be more than 
capable of changing their minds, even with your self-placed handicap.” Director 
Goodsky throws in a playful wink, dead set on going through with this.
“Arthur, unlike the Student Council members that are chosen on a broader criteria, the 
Disciplinary Committee is strictly based on strength. Your responsibilities won’t 
nearly be as much as the Student Council and being in the Disciplinary Committee 
gives you the chance to work with students, some of which are also deviants, that are 
all strong in their own fields.” Her arguments were getting stronger.
“You mentioned that the Disciplinary Committee members are based on strength…”
Before I finish my sentence, she cuts me off.
“No, Lucas Wykes will not be on the Disciplinary Committee if that is what you are 
curious about. Arthur, this opportunity is something that other students would take 
as an honor. I insist on you taking it.” She leans in, her face a bit more serious now.
“…” My head is bent down as I think things over. On top of regular and extra classes, I 
would have to do committee work, putting a big strain on my individual training time, 
all of which I would have no idea where and when to do it.
As if she read my mind, she threw out her final offer. “Since the amount of work may 
be a bit too much, on top of self-practice at who knows where, how about I offer you 
access to a private training facility where you wouldn’t need to worry about anyone 
intruding.” She points at my bracelet.
“Please, Arthur, I really feel like this could be a good deal for the both of us in the long 
run.” Her face softens a bit as she sows sincerity.
I start thinking of how being in the Disciplinary Committee would fit into my plans 
and finding no particular detriment in agreeing to this, I answer. “Fine, I’ll agree to be 
a part of the Disciplinary Committee.” My shoulder loosens as I let out a sigh.
“Good! Since classes start tomorrow, I will give your new schedule to your first period 
professor. Here is your new uniform I prepared in the case of good news. The knife is 
just meant to be the symbol of the Disciplinary Committee, but it is quite expensive so 
do take care not to lose it.” She gives me a wink as she throws me a uniform fitted for 
me with a sheathed knife and strap. It irritated me that she already had this prepared 
when she came in, even if it was just in case.
It dawned on me that even with my previous life and this life put together, both 
Grandpa Virion and Director Goodsky would still be older than me; after all, I only 
lived until the age of late thirties, around where it was getting past prime as a duelist. 
I’ve been so caught up in the fact that I had two lives that it didn’t occur to me that 
there are still people here that are older. Of course I still had the advantage from 
traditional mages here because where I came from, the ‘magic’ usage was a lot more 
advanced.
The advantage that the older mages from this world would have, however, would be 
that they’re used to the amount of mana in the atmosphere here and have mastered it 
to a certain degree.
I guess even with two lives, there was still bound to be someone wiser than you.
I involuntarily shake my head from my thoughts, which causes Director Goodsky to 
tilt her head in curiosity.
“Now that the matter I’ve come to settle are settled, I shall take my leave! Enjoy your 
first dinner here and do please patch things up with my dear Tessia as fast as you can. 
I don’t want my precious disciple to keep moping.” She wisps away, leaving me 
wondering why she didn’t just enter here like that. It was probably to respect our 
privacy or something.
As soon as Director Goodsky leaves, I see a shadow loom over me as Elijah is looking 
down at me, his facial expression akin to a demon.
“You’ve got some explaining to do.” I swear I thought I saw pointed teeth as he grinned 
evilly.
I couldn’t help but pat Elijah on the shoulder as it looked like his soul was about to 
escape from his mouth. There were shadows underneath his lifeless eyes; his sunken 
cheeks making him look like a hollow skeleton.
“There there…” I sigh. Even Sylvie takes pity on him as she hops off of my head and 
lands on his, biting the crown of his head to stir him awake.
His ghastly eyes bore into me as he turns his head. “…not fair.” He mumbles.
“What?” I lean in closer to him to hear what he was almost whispering.
He leans in closer to me, his lips almost touching my ears. “IT’S NOT FAIR GODDAMMIT!”
“AHH!” I jump in surprise as my ears start ringing. “What the hell! Don’t shout into my 
ear!” I stir my pinky into my ear canal to wipe away the stray spit that was launched 
inside by my bitter friend.
“Looks, talent, and even luck with girls! Why do you have everything?” He places both 
of his hands on my arm and concentrates.
Confused by this seemingly random action, I ask, “What are you doing?”
“…Trying to see if I can absorb some of your Arthurness.” He mumbles, still concentrating.
“Are you dumb?” I shake my head as I wave his hands off of me.
We were on our way to the dining hall a bit down from the dorms. I explained briefly 
to Elijah about how I met Tess (he really hated how I called her that) inside the Forest 
of Elshire. The whole time I was telling him the story, whether it was living inside the 
kingdom of Elenoir’s Castle with Tess or learning mana manipulation from her 
Grandfather, I could almost see my words pierce through him as his life slowly drained 
from him.
“Do you know how attractive Dwarves are, Art?” He leans in a bit too close for comfort 
while the both of us kept walking.
“H-how much?” I peel my head back from my overly emotional companion.
“NOT-AT-ALL” He says matter-of-factly. “The sense of beauty that dwarves hold is the 
complete opposite of humans, Art! I may have been raised in their kingdom but there 
will never come a day when I can empathize with definition of ‘attractive’.”
I laugh at this because I can almost imagine what an attractive female would look like 
to the dwarves, but I ask anyway. “Haha! Elaborate for me how devastating your life
was.”
“When I turned 8, my grandfather, the elder who took care of me, introduced me to 
whom he hoped would be my future wife. The whole week prior, he was going on and 
on about how beautiful and elegant she was. When she showed up, I swear I thought 
I was looking at a man, Art.” His body shivers from the thought of recalling his past 
nightmare.
“Her name was Helgarth and I swear she made me fear for my chastity. Her square 
jaw, her trunk-like, veiny limbs, her long, thick nose… She had a s-stubble on her upper 
lip, Art. She had FACIAL HAIR at the age of 9, Art!” Elijah was shaking me at this point, 
as I couldn’t stop laughing.
“Okay, okay I get it! You were a very deprived young boy who started going through 
puberty way~ too early for his age.” I shrug my palms up while trying to calm my fit 
of laughter.
“YOU spend your childhood filled with masculine woman who go around showing off 
their bulging arms around and see how you turn out to be when you see normal girls.” 
He shakes his head, returning back to his lifeless self.
“Well… You are in the most prestigious school as a Battle Mage Student, and you’re 
probably at least a full stage ahead of anyone our class, so just show off your skills. 
You’re bound to land someone, somehow.” I say, optimistically.
“Your pity is hurting me.” He exaggeratingly clutches his chest making the both of us 
laugh.
“I personally like your new uniform better.” Elijah mentions as he studies me. “It makes 
you seem more strong and unapproachable somehow.” He nods in agreement at his 
own statement.
The new uniform I received from Director Cynthia wasn’t too different in terms of 
looks from my Scholar Mage uniform. It was composed of a white dress shirt with a 
single black stripe on the mid arm, above the elbows and a light gray vest. Both the 
new vest and dark gray pants were made from a different material though, with 
special engravings on the inside that made me suspect that it had protecting qualities 
to it. In place of my pocket watch on the breast pocket, however, was a strap that went 
across my chest and snugged in around my shoulder, holding my sheathed, silver knife 
over my heart. A gold string replaced the red string that I had tied around, underneath 
my collar, giving my whole attire a more royal look.
I looked down and let out a sigh. I had to admit that the uniform did look good, but I 
didn’t like gaudy clothes like this. There was also an outerwear piece that I was 
supposed to receive later when it was properly fitted for me.
“So what are you going to do about the Disciplinary Committee?” Elijah asks me a bit 
more seriously.
I tilt my head, not knowing what he was implying. “What do you mean?”
Shrugging his shoulders, he looks forward, realizing we’re almost at the dining hall. “I 
mean, I know you’re already part of this new committee and all but are you going to 
really take it seriously and stuff? It sounds like a lot of work.”
True. The Director wanted me to be a part of this new Committee but didn’t really 
specify what exactly I had to do. “I’ll try my best. I might as well give it my all since I’ve 
decided on going through with it right? Besides. Ellie is going to be attending this 
academy in a few years. I need to do my best to pave a path for her so when she does 
come, it’ll be easier on her.” I open the door, being welcomed by students’ 
indistinguishable conversations and the aroma of what the dining hall was serving 
tonight.
As the both of us stepped in, the hall turned quiet and I could feel the stares of the 
students as they studied us. Ignoring the glares and the occasional curious glances, we 
made our way into the line and got our food, situating ourselves in a back corner.
“Looks like you’re already popular, Art.” Elijah smirks as he picks up a piece of roasted 
meat with his fork.
“What can I say?” I give an arrogant hair flip and the both of us start laughing.
“Ah! Don’t forget that we have the club rush tomorrow morning!” Elijah says, his 
mouth full of meat.
I let out a sigh at this. “Oh yeah… I have to go to the auditorium pretty early tomorrow. 
The Disciplinary Committee is being officially announced before the club rush starts 
tomorrow.” I play around a bit with my vegetables before trying to give it to Sylvie, 
who promptly rejects it.
Director Cynthia left me with a note with a couple instructions along with the new
uniform she handed me.
“That means you’re going to meet the rest of the Disciplinary Committee! How 
exciting. Wake me up before you leave then.”
“Will do.” I pick up a piece of roasted meat for myself but Sylvie steals it before it 
reaches my mouth.
We conversed about what club Elijah should join and what classes we had. The 
Disciplinary Committee met every morning, which irked me. Looks like I’ll finally 
break my poor sleeping habits.
Besides that, my daily class schedule consisted of: Fundamentals of Mana Theory 
Practical Mana Manipulation and Basics of Artificing.
After lunch was when my upper division classes would start. Those classes were 
Deviant Magic Theory I, Team-fighting Mechanics I, and Spell Formations I.
During the Fall semester, there were a lot more upper division classes for Battle Mage 
students while for Spring semester, the classes consisted of a wider variety for Scholar 
Mage students.
Most students only took 3-4 classes a semester but I was essentially loaded with 
double the classes, my last class ending at 7 in the evening, not leaving me any time 
for clubs. As for Elijah, we only had Fundamentals of Mana Theory together; his other 
classes being comprised of Basic Chain-casting, and Mana Utilization I.
Clubs geared towards upper-division students met before lunch, since their classes 
were all in the evening, and vice-versa for underclassmen. “Maybe I should join a 
hand-to-hand fighting club. I heard that more and more Conjurers are trying to 
become at least a bit adept at close range fighting just in case.” He ponders while 
shoving another piece of meat into his mouth.
“Mmm yeah I’ve heard of that from my father. He’s been telling me that there are some 
conjurers that wants to be recruited to learn close-ranging fighting, though I don’t 
exactly know how that’d work.” I was wondering why I don’t feel full even when my 
plate was empty, but then I realized that I didn’t eat almost any of the meat thanks to 
Sylvie, who was now ‘kyu’ing in satisfaction on top of my head.
During our meal, the both of us could tell that people were conversing about us, looks 
being shot every now and then from random people. However, none of them actually 
came up to us until now.
A group of students, all with Battle Mage uniforms, walked up to our table. Completely 
acting as if I didn’t exist. The leader of the group, a tall male with wavy brown hair that 
was parted in half stuck his hand out to Elijah.
“My name is Charles Ravenpor, the 2nd born from the famous Ravenpor family. I’m 
sure you’ve heard of it right? I couldn’t help but notice you spending time with 
someone beneath you like a Scholar Student. I’m being especially courteous today in 
letting you be in our group.” His chin sticks out, confident that Elijah would take his 
hand.
“You should be honored that you get to be part of the Ravenpor group.” One of the 
groupie echoes in the back.
“The Ravenpoop family? Never heard of a family named after a bird’s feces. Have you 
Art?” Elijah looks at me with a very clueless look, making me laugh through my nose.
“No, but I’d be very embarrassed to be in family like the Ravenpoop even if I did know 
of them.” I try to hide my smile as I play along in this immature exchange.
Some of the students nearby who was listening in on our conversation started 
snickering.
“Y-you… How dare mock a prestigious family like the RavenPOR house?” Charles slams 
his fist on our table, emphasizing his house name, which makes them laugh even more.
“I am a 2nd class student that should be shown respect! I reached out to you, a newbie, 
because I didn’t want a Battle Mage Student lower himself by being with a Scholar 
Student but you instead spit in my face like this?” His hand was already twitching to 
reach for the wand strapped to his right leg.
Elijah looks him dead in the eye and refutes, “First of all, it’s Scholar MAGE student. 
Arthur is just as much of a mage as any Battle mage student. Second, why would I go 
with someone who blatantly looks down on my best friend and roommate? Third, it’s 
obvious you’re not here out of kindness towards me but here because of hostility 
towards Arthur so stop your childish show and go piss off.”
I had to admit that when my friend put on a serious expression, coupled with his 
naturally sharp features, he did look quite scary.
Issuing duels inside a facility not meant for battle was prohibited so using magic inside 
the dining hall would result in quite a big punishment, but that didn’t seem to stop Mr. 
Ravenpor here.
Wind was gathering around him as he struggled to keep his anger under control. 
“Jack!” He roars, wind settling down around him as he calls forth one of his minions.
A boy that had a face that looked around 13 but a body that looked too big for his age 
stepped up from the back.
“Show these brats how things work around here.” He growls, stepping back.
Jack looks a little hesitant but Charles barks that he’ll be properly compensated, 
making Jack reveal a wicked grin as he fits a clawed gauntlet over his fists.
“Sucks for you.” He simply smirks, cracking his neck before splitting the table in half.
The dining hall was in a commotion by now as the students all gathered around, some 
standing up on the tables to get a better view.
Elijah protected his face in surprise as the table split into pieces but I remained 
unfazed, my legs crossed as I took a sip from the water cup I was holding, while even 
Sylvie was still sleeping.
“Are you crazy! This is a dining facility!” Elijah shouts as he stood up to face Jack, who 
cracked his clawed fists.
“Don’t matter. Boss is going to take care of everything anyway. Keep your teeth 
clenched now.” He smirks as his right fist glows in non-attribute mana.
He was a second-class student as well as well by the two stripes on his black tie, but 
even without an attribute, his core was still dark orange, which, for his age, was pretty 
damn good.
Elijah’s right hand glowed, his two rings glowing a dim yellow as he prepared a spell 
but I already noticed that Jack’s pitiful killing intent was directed towards me, not my 
friend.
I didn’t even look up and prepared to settle this quickly but once again, before I got 
the chance to do anything, vines shot out from the ground and wrapped tightly around 
Jack.
It only took a couple of moments for the vines to completely encase Jack. As he 
struggled to break free, the vines twisted around tighter, making his face turn an ugly 
shade.
While most were confused, Charles seemed to know exactly what was going on as his 
face paled and he immediately stepped away from the commotion he created. Elijah 
was a bit surprised as well, his head turning left and right to see who used the spell, 
but the person responsible had yet to show herself.
Standing up, I face the suffocating Jack, who gave up on struggling against the vines. 
The atmosphere in the dining hall turned tense as no one spoke, everyone waiting for 
the perpetrator of the spell to show up. Giving Elijah a meaningful glance, I silently lift 
my arm, placing my palm on the vines as I release the spell.
Torrent.
Holding back on the amount of mana used on the spell, I will a gale of sharp winds 
from my palm.
“FWOOOOSHINGG!”
The Ravenpor groupies behind Jack all covered themselves against the sharp gale as 
they got caught in the spell as well. With the spell, I so graciously freed Jack from the 
vines that were choking him, but in the process shredded his clothes as well, leaving 
him the same way he came out from his unfortunate mother’s womb.
“COUGH COUGH!” Jack plops to his knees, his junior that looked a bit too petite 
compared to his large body dangling for everyone to see. Without either a word or a 
change in expression, I turn and walk towards Charles, who was still trying to 
discreetly make his way out of the dining hall. He was by the wall, and was almost in 
front of the main doors when I unsheathed the Disciplinary Committee knife I received 
from the Director, and threw it, imbuing wind mana into it.
“AAHH! What the hell?” As the knife cut through the air and pierced through his blazer, 
pinning him against the wall, I came face to face with him.
“Maybe it’s just me but I find it pathetic when brats like you who come from a noble 
family beat your chest for something that you never even earned. Before bragging 
about how powerful your family is, be competent enough to at least not embarrass 
them.” I pull out the knife he was struggling to remove in one swift swipe and leave 
through the door, not looking back.
The brisk autumn air greeted me as I closed the door, my breath becoming visible in a 
cloud in front of me.
‘It’s mama!’ Sylvie’s head shoots up from on top of my head.
I ignore my bond, looking up at the night sky illuminated by countless star as I speak 
out loud. “You know, you could’ve killed him if I didn’t disrupt the spell.”
“I was going to cancel it once he passed out. Besides, I know you were going to handle 
it.” From besides me a few meters away, the familiar voice responded.
“Pfft~ NOW you leave it up to me? What stopped you from doing the same this 
morning after the ceremony?” I snickered.
“…”
I walk towards the figure that was leaning against the wall of the building, her face and 
other recognizable features masked by the shadow of the starry night.
By her silence, I could already picture what sort of troubled expression she had on her 
face. I stood in front of the figure, I was close enough to see her face but she was 
looking down so I could only see the crown of her silvery gunmetal hair that seemed 
to shimmer.
“Ahem~” I awkwardly cough, covering my mouth with a fist as the silence between us 
felt like an eternity. Finally, she glanced up, revealing her face as she was fiddling with 
her hands behind her back.
“…”
““I’M SORR…””
*THUD*
““Oww!””
We instantly destroyed the awkward atmosphere as we head-butted each other by 
bowing in apology at the same time.
“PFFT~ Hahahaha! I guess we both wanted to apologize huh?” I couldn’t help but smile 
as I rubbed my slightly throbbing head.
“I guess so…” Tess was massaging her head too as she continued to look down.
*Sniff*
I squat down so I could see my childhood friend’s face. “Tess. Are you crying?” I tease, 
gently wiping her tears with the inside of my sleeve.
*Sniff* “It’s because it hurts…” Her eyes continue to avoid mine as she lets me wipe 
her face.
“Did it hurt that much?” My voice turns tender as I stand back up, gently patting the 
place where my head hit her.
“YES! It hurt a lot!” Smacking my hand away, she buried her face in my chest, wrapping 
her arms around my waist as she began crying.
The seconds seemed to elongate as I felt her body tremble from her erratic breaths 
and hiccups. I couldn’t help but smile as I hugged her back, patting her head 
comfortingly.
*Sniff* “I thought you hated me.” *Sniff* I could barely make out what she was saying 
in between her sniffles and the fact that her voice was muffled from speaking while 
her face was still buried in my chest.
“Even if there are times I get mad at you, I would never hate you, Tess.” I spoke gently.
“I don’t want that.” *Sniff*
“Don’t want what?”
“I don’t want you to get mad at me either!” She mumbled while her face still glued to 
my chest.
“Well this time, I was in the wrong. I shouldn’t have lashed out at you like that.” I 
realized that I don’t really treat Tess like everyone else. While most people don’t come 
off to me as worthwhile to get mad over, besides my family and Elijah, Tess would 
probably be the only one capable of making me be genuine, even if that was sometimes 
being immature.
“NO! I was wrong too! I-I shouldn’t have called you out like that in front of all of those 
people! B-but it was because I have to be the strict Student Council President in front 
of everyone, you know?” Her face looked desperate as she finally looked up, her 
concerned eyes red and a little puffy from crying.
“ARTTT!!!! You should’ve seen the faces of everyone after you… OH!” Elijah, who only 
saw the shaded outline of my back, came running towards me until he spotted who 
was with me.
Realizing that Tess was still wrapped tightly around me, I couldn’t help but give him 
an embarrassed look.
“I-I’ll see you b-back at our dorm…” He stammered out before darting off, almost 
tripping over his own feet from how fast he was running.
“Haha. Tess, I think it’s about time to let go of me.” I smiled as her face turned bright 
red from realizing how long she’s been clinging to me.
“O-oh right…” She immediately let go of me, taking a step back as her eyes looked 
down, too embarrassed to look at me.
I couldn’t help but let out a soft laugh at how my childhood friend really hasn’t 
changed. “Do you want to take a little walk with me?” I give her a smile as Sylvie jumps 
off from on top of my head unto her arms.
“Kyu!” ‘Long time no see mama!’
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Each of his steps were light and confident as if he was always certain his direction and 
purpose. Was it the way he walked?
Those eyes that looked calm and poised, yet still a little playful… Was it his gaze?
The way it glowed even when it was this dark outside? Was it his smile?
What made me this stupidly attracted to him? He’s just another boy! Another, rather 
talented, rather well-mannered and slightly better looking boy. That was it!
What was it about him that makes me become so foolish around him and why do I 
keep doing things to embarrass myself only in front of him?
“Haa…”
“Is something wrong?” He looks at me in concern as his gentle voice makes shivers go 
down my spine.
“N-no! Nothing’s wrong haha!” I feel my face get red again so I pet Sylvie faster as a 
distraction. GOSH DANGIT!
I could feel his eyes studying me as we walked along the marble path, the only source 
of light from the moon that peeked in between the trees that arched the walkway. The 
last time we met earlier today, we barely spent a couple seconds before things got bad 
so it’s been almost 4 years since we’ve last seen each other. I would stare at him too 
but I know I was going to turn bright red so I just keep my gaze down.
I wonder if he looks at any other girl like this. I want his attention all to myself just like 
now. I stop myself before I almost sigh out loud again.
We started talking about what we’ve both been doing these past couple of years. His 
time as an adventurer was really exciting but I couldn’t help but be a little 
disappointed that he was with that girl named Jasmine the whole time.
“Pfft!” The corner of Art’s eyes crinkled as he revealed his bright smile.
“W-what!” I couldn’t help but hold Sylvie up defensively.
“It’s just that I’m enjoying the different expressions you’re showing me while I tell you 
my story.” I catch a glimpse of his eyes making me turn red again. This is getting 
ridiculous.
I would’ve been pretty cold if I didn’t have Sylvie as a heating pack, but Art doesn’t 
look cold at all. I wonder if being a beast tamer makes his body stronger in these 
situations too. I start getting embarrassed as I remember hugging him for so long.
He was really warm though.
I got a little less tense as we kept talking. I told him a bit about my training with 
Grandpa but I focused more on when Grandma Cynthia was my teacher.
“You call her Grandma?” His head tilts a little in curiosity.
Nodding, I reply, “She told me to call her that since I was her only disciple and since 
she doesn’t have any children.”
“I see…” He ponders
I continue on about the strict training I had to go through and how it was hard for my 
plant attribute magic to improve because of the lack of reliable teachers. Although 
there weren’t any other races that could manipulate plant attribute mana, even 
amongst elves, there were very few people that were adequate in plant magic. While 
some noble lineages do have the capacity to learn it, they end up focusing on another 
element instead because of how hard it was for them to learn plant magic.
“So you ended up becoming a dual specialist in plant and wind huh? Wow, I knew you’d 
be a talented mage.” His genuine look makes me feel proud. I get embellished praises 
from all sorts of different important figures but just a simple compliment from him 
makes me this happy.
He continues, “It makes sense that Director Goodsky should be teaching you then.”
I wanted time to stop as we reached the front of where the dorms were. Why was the 
dorms built so close to the dining hall? It should’ve been on the other side of the 
school…
“We should both get some sleep. It’s getting late and tomorrow is a big day.” He pats 
my head. I would enjoy it a lot more if it didn’t make me feel like he was treating me 
like a kid.
“Y-yeah, you’re right. Congratulations on becoming a Disciplinary Committee member 
Art.” I try my best to smile but I start overthinking about how I look.
Fortunately, he just grins back as Sylvie hops back on top of his head. “Thanks.” I stare 
at his back as he starts heading to his dorm when he turns back around, surprising 
me.
“I almost forgot!” He takes my hand and brings it up, placing something from his 
pocket into my palm.
“Here! This will probably help you a lot.” Letting go of my hand, he gives me a playful 
wink before turning back around as Sylvie waves her small paw at me.
He didn’t even give me the chance to thank him.
Looking down, I study the small, dull green orb. It didn’t seem pretty special but it did 
mean a lot to me just because it came from Art. Knowing him though, this isn’t just 
some sort of decoration he wanted me to have.
“I wonder…” I will a bit of mana into the orb and I almost drop it from surprise, my 
hands trembling uncontrollably.
“T-this is…!”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
‘Papa you’re really happy. Is it because you made up with Mama? ’ Sylvie teases me as 
I walk up the stairs back to my dorm room.
‘Can it Sylv. And can you stop calling her Mama?’ I pinch my dragon bond’s ear, making 
her squirm.
“Room 394! Finally…” We walked pretty slowly and stopped in between while we 
talked so it was pretty late into the night. I opened the door carefully just in case Elijah 
was asleep but I almost jump in surprise to see him sitting cross-legged facing the 
door, his eyes bloodshot from staying up so late compared to when he usually sleeps.
“Err… I see you’re still awake.” I wave awkwardly.
“Hell yes I’m awake.” He crosses his arms and uses his chin to point at my bed, 
signaling me to sit.
“Haa… Go on.” I sigh helplessly as I let my best friend release his barrage of questions.
It was almost 4 A.M. when he was finished, the two of us sprawled out on our beds, 
tired both physically and mentally while Sylvie fell asleep a while ago.
“I can’t believe you were h-hugging her.” I see him shake his head while he was lying 
down on his back.
“I told you I’ve known her since she was 5. It’s not surprising that she’d be more 
comfortable around me.” I simply state.
He shakes head again. “After you left, some of the students knew that it was the 
President that used the vine spell since she’s the only one that could use it to that 
degree. Do you know all of the things the students called her?” He gets up and looks 
at me.
“What do they call her?” I ask, a bit interested.
“There were two I heard the most.” He leans in closer. “One. The Untouchable 
Princess.” He states.
“Untouchable? Why? Is she that much stronger than everyone else?” I ask.
Ignoring me, he says the other. “Lunar Goddess.”
“Huh? Why Lunar Goddess?” I chortle at the juvenile nicknames.
“Because she’s like the moon Art. The Moon looks so close that you can grab but no 
matter how much you try, you’ll never touch the Moon. But you! You t-touched the 
MOON! You HUGGED the Moon!” He flails his arm in defeat and plops back into bed.
“Go to sleep.” I retort. Both of us too tired to even try and wash up. My head is already 
hurting at the thought of how tired I would be in the morning.
Thoughts about what happened tonight kept me up. I kept imagining if I did the right 
thing at the dining hall. It was a habit I acquired from being a king to overthink my 
past actions and always plan my future actions. To my side, I could hear Elijah fast 
asleep, mumbling something about the Moon again.
“Wake up!” I smack Elijah on the stomach as I finish fastening on the shoulder strap 
for the knife that represented that I was a part of the Disciplinary Committee.
“OOF!” Elijah bolts up in surprise but groans once he realizes how tired and in pain he 
was. “I can see why you don’t like being woken up like this.” He mumbles as he rubs 
his stomach.
Smirking at my friend, I walk to the door. “I’m leaving now so hurry up and get ready. 
I’ll see you in first period.” Without looking back, I give him a wave and head towards 
the auditorium. I was supposed to formally meet all the other members of the 
Disciplinary Committee in the small waiting room inside the auditorium so I was a bit 
excited as to what kind of people they might be.
Sylvie “Kyu-ed” in excitement as well as she was swaying her head from side to side. 
After today, everyone will know that I’m part of the Disciplinary Committee. I grinned 
at myself after imagining what the Ravenpor group’s face would look like after 
becoming aware today what my different uniform meant to them.
Arriving at the back entrance to the auditorium, I straightened up my shirt, vest and 
strap and opened the door, feeling tired, sleepy and very curious.
As I opened the door to the back entrance of the auditorium, I was met with an 
unexpected greeting.
“GROOOAAARR!!” My hair was blown back along with Sylvie, who was grabbing unto 
me to avoid falling off. Along with the deafening roar of the mana beast that greeted 
me came bullets of saliva that showered my face and upper chest.
“There there.” While wiping off the spit of the mana beast, I nonchalantly proceeded 
to pet its face that was inches away from my own. This mana beast that stood about 2 
meters high while it was still on all fours had thick dark brown fur and a deep red 
mane around its head. Two vicious teeth spouted out from its top jaw, making it all the 
more menacing, but comparing to Sylvie’s dragon form, I could only see it as an 
overgrown kitten.
Even Sylvie looked at the Mana Beast with little interest as she just settled back on top 
of my head.
“Woah… he didn’t get surprised at all…” From behind the mana beast peeked out a 
student that looked to be a couple of years older than me. He had a very dull, light gray 
hair, almost white, that came down in bangs. He had narrow eyes that were virtually 
slits and had a smile on his face that didn’t come off as pleasant but more so mocking. 
Body wise, he was rather thin and tall, his overall frame looking quite frail. His uniform 
was very different from mine. He wore a dark gray oriental style loose robe that 
covered his arms and came down past his torso. His loose pants were black and he 
had a sash tied around his waist that was gold. Peeking out of the inside of his robe 
was the insignia that all of the Disciplinary Committee had to carry around, the silver 
knife. Something about him made me wary. He seemed mysterious and a tad off 
somehow.
“You must be the last DC officer to arrive! My name is Kai Crestless a fourth year! Just 
call me Kai!” His expression didn’t change at all, his eyes still narrowed and lips still 
smiling, but he put up his arm in a welcoming gesture, revealing his hands that were 
completely wrapped in bandages so that it looked like he had gloves on.
“Hello. My name is Arthur Leywin. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” I shook his 
bandage-wrapped hands.
“Bah! Another frail looking pretty boy! Why aren’t there any more REAL men in this 
Committee?” Looking around, I spot where the voice came from and I couldn’t help 
but remember what Elijah told me yesterday before dinner.
A female dwarf that stood around 145cm tall with limbs as thick as tree trunks hopped 
down from where she was sitting and came up to me. The indication that I could tell 
she was a female was by her long brown hair and high-pitched voice, neither of which 
didn’t suit her masculine appearance.
“Looks like we’ll be working together so I might as well introduce myself. I’m Doradrea 
Oreguard, a first year like yerself. Let’s get along ey?” She said simply while firmly 
smacking my waist, sending a jolt throughout my body. What power.
“Arthur Leywin. Nice to meet you.” I replied, rubbing my back.
“Well, come on now. Follow me. Kai and I waited in the front to see who the last guy 
was going to be. The rest of the DC officers are in the other room. Director Goodsky 
didn’t really mention who the final member was going to be so everyone is curious.” 
She led me through a hall, Kai following behind us with the mana beast.
“EVERYONE! THE LAST GUY IS HERE!” Doradrea shouts at the top of her lungs as we 
reach a room at the end of the hall.
Inside the gigantic room that I figured was used to hold events, I see 5 other figures.
Without further ado, I walk up closer and greet them all at once. “My name is Arthur 
Leywin and I just started attending this Academy as a Scholar Mage Student. I am a 
Dual Elemental attribute Augmenter capable in Wind and Earth. I give a curt bow.
“Arthur Leywin?” The first voice that speaks up sounded surprised. Looking back up, 
I see a boy that appeared to be around 17. He had deep, mahogany colored hair that 
was spiked out, making him look almost like a lion himself. He had fierce swordshaped brows and his brown eyes produced a striking gaze. It took me a couple of 
seconds but I soon realized who he was.
“If I remember correctly, you must be Prince Glayder?” The longer I look at him, the 
more confident I became that he was Curtis Glayder, son of the king of Sapin.”
“I can hardly call myself a Prince now ever since the 3 kings and queens dismissed 
their title and called themselves The Council. Just call me Curtis.” He spoke very 
charismatically, his deep voice carrying a certain depth. His expression was a bit 
troubled though since his father’s guard did cause some problems for me the last time 
we met.
“Nice to see you again Curtis. You must be a 5th year now, right?” I just respond 
cheerily which eases the troubled look he had.
“Yup! 5th year fire attribute Augmenter as well as a Beast Tamer. Nice to see you again.” 
He announced while we grasped hands. While Kai’s uniform was styled in a robe, 
Curtis’ uniform looked much more intricate. His outfit reminded me of an oldfashioned military uniform without the cap. His black military blazer had dark gray 
accents and gold buttons. His right shoulder had a military cord that was attached to 
the collar of his blazer, giving him a refined, yet fierce aura.
“Ahh that World Lion that greeted me must be the one your father acquired at the 
Auction several years back.” Everything clicked as the mana beast that so kindly 
greeted me sat down behind Curtis.
“Ah… did Kai use Grawder to scare you?” He shoots a look at Kai who just shrugged 
back. “Anyways, yes. I remember you were with us when we purchased him as a cub. 
We formed an equals contract last year after he reached A class.” He tried to sound 
humble but I could tell he was extremely proud to call himself a Beast Tamer. I didn’t 
mind because it really was a great feat that he accomplished, especially the fact the he 
was able to form an equals contract instead of a master-servant contract with his 
beast. “Looks like your bond changed a bit as well! Although it didn’t really change 
much in size.” He rubs his chin while studying Sylvie who was asleep on my head. Just 
by analyzing his internal mana circulation, Curtis didn’t seem to have gone through 
assimilation since the World Lion’s beast will wasn’t too strong for him.
“Yeah, her growth rate seems awfully slow.” I say indifferently.
“It’s okay! Even though there are quite a bit of students here that have bonds, most of 
them aren’t beast tamers and not many of them even have equals contracts.” He pats 
my shoulder, trying to comfort me.
Looking closely, Curtis and his World Lion looked oddly similar. Curtis’ hair and 
Gawrtor’s mane was of comparable color and both of them having a fierce look.
“Ah right! You remember my sister Kathyln, right?” He continues. The petite, blackhaired girl that I remember being pretty gave me a silent bow. She was dressed very 
similarly to his brother except instead of pants; she wore a skirt that came down above 
her knees much like all the other girls in this academy. The only girl I’ve seen so far 
that hasn’t worn a skirt was Doradrea, which I didn’t complain about… at all.
“Nice to see you again.” I give a simple bow in response. She has grown to look more 
and more like her mother. The stark contrast of her flawless porcelain skin and her 
jet-black hair and dark eyes with long lashes made her look like a doll.
“Nice to meet you once more, Arthur. I am a first year as well coming in as a Scholar 
Mage student. I am a single specialist Conjurer in Ice Attribute magic.” She bows once 
more; her expression was set like stone.
I see… She’s a deviant!
“I guess I’m next, although the order is off! My name is Claire! Claire Bladeheart. I’m a 
6th year Battle Mage student with dual attribute in fire and wind and I’m also the 
leader of the Disciplinary Committee! I’m an Augmenter like yourself so just ask me if 
you have any questions!” This upperclassman oozed out positivity and passion from 
her very pores. She wasn’t nearly as pretty as Tess or Kathyln but she did have her 
own charm, with her scarlet red hair that came down to her chin. Claire wore a 
military-styled uniform as well but instead a golden cord like the Glayder siblings, 
both her shoulders had gold epaulettes, which were basically ornamental shoulder 
pads along with an embellished collar that went up around her neck. That, along with 
her light gray and gold accented skirt with knee boots gave her uniform a much more 
royal feel compared to my simple one.
I tried imagining myself in a uniform like Claire’s and I shuddered at the thought. 
While it looked great on her, I preferred a much less flashy uniform.
It took me a second to register but I suddenly remembered why her name sounded so 
familiar. “Are you perhaps related to Kaspian Bladeheart?” I quiz.
“Oh? Do you know my uncle?” She tilted her head to one side.
“No. I’ve just heard many great things about how strong Kaspian Bladeheart is from 
my father’s ex party member.” I gave her a warm smile as she nodded in 
understanding.
“I see. Well, I’ve received training from my Uncle as soon as I awakened so much of my 
techniques are similar to his. Of course I still have a long way to go, though.” I see her 
place her hand on the golden hilt of her rapier that she had strapped on her left side.
“Well if it isn’t Arthur Leywin. Long time no see!” A tall blonde elf that looks to be a 
couple of years older than me walks up, crossing his arms while he looks down at me.
“I apologize… Do I know you?” I really had no idea who this elf was until Sylvie 
mentally transmitted who he was.
“Ah! You’re Feyfey!” I point at him in surprise. Boy did he get big! He was at least a 
head taller than me and he did turn out to become quite the pretty boy.
Feyfey’s face instantly turned beet red as he placed both hands on my shoulders. “It’s 
FeyRITH… Feyrith Ivsaar III. And although I’m a first year like you, I’m still a couple of 
years older than you so don’t call me by nicknames. I’m a Water specialist Conjurer by 
the way.” I could see veins popping from his forehead.
“Haha! Long time no see!” I exclaim as I shake his hands while he just looks at me, 
bewildered. His uniform was completely black with gold stripes across his shoulders. 
It was simpler than everyone else’s but it fit him well.
“Last but not least, this is Theodore Maxwell!” Claire gets in between Feyrith and I and 
directs my attention to the last member.
“Hmph! Seems like the Disciplinary Committee is low enough to recruit twerps now.” 
Theodore stands up and I swear I thought he was a bear. He stood at about 2 meters 
high at least, easily around the same height as Gawrtor, Curtis’ World Lion. His uniform 
was just a vest that was unbuttoned, revealing his bulging muscles. By the tear marks 
on the arm openings of the vest, I can assume that it wasn’t originally a vest.
He stood in front of me and placed a hand on my shoulder.
“VMMMMM”
Suddenly, I felt the weight on top of me increase several times over as my feet began 
sinking, the floor around me beginning to crack. This was a deviant capable of 
manipulating gravity.
My body was able to withstand it thanks to the assimilation I went through with 
Sylvia’s Dragon Will but I still definitely felt my body begin to protest. I strengthen my 
body further with mana as I look at Theodore dead in the eye.
He wanted to test ME?
“Hmph.” Feeling the cold, wordless gaze I give to him, Theodore releases his skill and 
walks away, muttering “not bad.”
*Whistles*
“Arthur has guts. Feyrith crumbled to his knees when Theodore did that to him.” Kai 
snickers from the side.
“I’m a Conjurer while Arthur is an Augmenter! Please do not compare me to brutes 
like you guys.” He lashes out, his face red from embarrassment.
“Now now! I’m excited as to what this semester will bring us! We’re going to be a team 
from now on guys! We’ll get chances to bond and get closer so look forward to it!” 
Claire pipes up in a cheery voice as she puts her hand out.
“I’m looking forward to it!” Kai puts his bandaged hands on top of Claire, his face still 
a mocking smile.
“Aye! Sounds like we’re going to have some interesting times!” Doradrea gets on her 
toes as she puts her beefy hand on top of Kai’s.
“Haha! Yes! Let’s do our best!” Curtis places his hand in as well, Kathyln wordlessly 
following suit.
I just met everyone and I’m already tired. “Sigh… I’m sure it’ll be a blast.” I let out while 
placing my hand on top of Kathlyn’s, Sylvie running down my arm and placing her paw 
as well.
Theodore puts his massive hand on top of Sylvie and my hand, making the whole circle 
stumble a step forward. As Theodore gives a silent nod, Claire gives us a big, confident 
smile and shouts, “TO US! THE DISCIPLINARY COMMITTEE!”
“““““““ AYE!”””””””
“Before the club rush commences, the Student Council would like to formally 
introduce to you students of this academy, a group that was personally picked by the 
Director in hopes to resolve and prevent disputes amongst students as well as enforce 
penalizing measures for troublemakers. While the Student Council’s main job is to 
help the Director make sure this academy and the events that are held run smoothly, 
this group’s job allows them to use magic appropriately to uphold the peace and safety 
of students, whether it may be from other students or from trespassers. Please join 
me in welcoming the Disciplinary Committee!” Tessia’s voice rings at her last words.
The auditorium fills with applause as the red curtains that we stood behind are raised. 
We stood there, shoulders square and our hands glued to our sides. I had to admit that 
with people like Curtis with Grawder behind him, Theodore, Claire and even Feyrith, 
we looked pretty damn impressive in our color-coordinated uniforms.
I took a peek at Tessia and I realized she was staring at me but as soon as our eyes 
met, she quickly turned her head away. As we stood in front of the students of Xyrus 
on the stage side by side, we pulled out our knives and held it out in front of us so the 
insignia showed. Unsheathing our knife, we proceeded to do a small, choreographed 
routine before we saluted.
Claire spoke out on behalf of the Disciplinary Committee with a small speech before 
we all headed out towards the back of the stage, leaving the crowd with mixed 
emotions.
For some students, the Disciplinary Committee meant to serve as a shackle that 
prohibited their spoiled behavior. For others, the Disciplinary Committee served as an 
aegis for them, protecting the students from needless harm.
“Hey isn’t that one of the DC officers? I think his name was Arthur, right?”
“Isn’t he only a first year? How was he able to get into the Disciplinary Committee? 
Does he have connections or something?”
“Stupid. Even if he had connections, I hear everyone from the Disciplinary Committee 
needs to be really strong.”
“He’s kinda cute, no?” “Yeah, he’s totally my type.”
“That white fox on top of his head is so adorable!”
I sat towards the back in the class with Elijah next to me. The constant murmurs and 
whispers that echoed in the classroom made my head hurt. The professor for our first 
class, Fundamentals of Magic Theory, had yet to arrive, allowing the discussions of this 
morning’s ceremony to ceaselessly go on.
“Look at how popular you are Mr. DC Officer.” Elijah nudges me with his elbow while 
giving me a sarcastic smirk.
Before I had the chance to respond, the person who I assume is the professor, walks 
in with confident strides.
Using the folder he was holding unto as a gavel, he thumps it on the front podium 
before starts speaking. “Now now… I realize that there are many wonderful things to 
talk about, but you guys aren’t very good at gossiping. If the person of topic is in the 
same room and can hear what you guys are saying, then it really isn’t gossip now, is 
it?” He looks in my direction and gives me a wink, making me shake my head in defeat.
Our professor seemed pretty young, at most in his mid-thirties. He had well parted 
brown hair that he kept neat and styled. His face was freshly shaven to reveal his 
narrow jaw. He was on the thinner side, but in no ways out of shape. He had very good 
proportions, considering he was a Conjurer, which I could tell by the wand strapped 
to his side.
Some of the students gossiping shrank down in embarrassment but most of the 
students just laughed.
“My name is Professor Avius and I must say that it’s great to meet you all. While this 
is technically a basic class and some may think that it is unnecessary, I, on the other 
hand, believe this class is the foundations for what will make you a great mage. We 
won’t be doing much casting in this class but there will be fun assignments and 
projects that I will assign along the way, so look forward to it!”
With that last note, the class erupted in a synchronized groan at the thought of doing 
projects. I couldn’t imagine what sort of projects he was going to assign 12-14 year 
olds but it should be rather easy.
“On that note, I think today is a rather fine day to have a lecture for! You are not going 
to get any younger so absorb as much knowledge as you can while your brains are still 
fresh! Take out your notebooks and writing utensils!” His thin face wrinkles as he 
smiles.
Elijah adjusts his glasses and promptly takes out a fresh new notebook and pen while 
eagerly writing the title of the class and today’s date.
I just lean forward and rest my chin on my hand as I begin to listen.
“Today’s topic will focus on the segregation between Conjurers and Augmenters!” He 
writes messily on the chalkboard.
“There is a deeply embedded discrimination against Augmenters by Conjurers on the 
premise that Augmenters are ‘brutes’ or ‘savages’ that can only fight by getting 
themselves dirty.” He uses his fingers to air quote.
“This is a rather uneducated stigma that everyone should get rid of right here and right 
now.” He leans forward, his face turning serious.
This causes a few murmurs of disagreement and some of acknowledgement.
“Coming from the point of view of a Conjurer, it is silly to say that we are above 
Augmenters because our bodies are more suitable for influencing mana remotely 
because this is an advantage we have only while we are in lower levels.” He scribbles 
some key points on the chalkboard.
“When a mage’s mana core, Conjurers and Augmenters alike, reach the silver stage, 
the ability to manipulate mana becomes much more unrestricted. There becomes less 
of a distinction between the usage of mana veins and mana channels because the 
purity of mana that is produced from our mana core enables us to freely manipulate 
mana remotely and directly.” He underlines remotely and directly while circling the 
point “less of a distinction”
I hear Elijah ‘ooh’ in understanding and furiously scribble the statement into his 
notebook.
Hmm… This professor at least knew what he was talking about. While training, I’ve 
become more and more aware that the higher the stage you reached into your mana 
core cultivation, the less of a true distinction there would.
“So tell me class, if, in the end, two mages, one Conjurer and one Augmenter, both reach 
the silver core stage, who would have the advantage? I for one say that it’s is either 
evenly matched or that even the Augmenter would have an advantage.” This statement 
creates even a louder protest from the students.
“Before you shoot me down, think about this. Until the Silver stage, assuming that we 
have both the talent and necessary luck to get there, both Conjurers and Augmenters 
train in developing their magic. However, Augmenters, since the time they awaken, 
which is usually during the prepubescent age, also train in hand-to-hand combat, 
refining their bodies along with their skills. As the Augmenter becomes stronger and 
reaches the latter stages of his core, he will continue to develop his long-range skills, 
although it may be inferior to Conjurers at this point. However, once the Augmenter 
reaches closer and closer to the pinnacle of his core development, casting long-range 
spells will become more and more natural while the Augmenter will still naturally 
keep his combat skills. So tell me… are Conjurers REALLY the more noble, more 
dominant types of mage?”
“Some old fashioned mages continue to believe that conjurers remain the prevailing 
mana manipulator but Director Cynthia, along with many other influential figures in 
this Continent are trying to establish ways to inhibit this belief. I implore you 
youngsters to keep this fact in mind. Augmenters, don’t get hot headed because of this 
topic since, at this stage, you are still clearly at a disadvantage against Conjurers. 
Conjurers, don’t just mope at this news and develop your combat skills. While it may 
be harder for you to defend yourselves without the natural competency in forging 
mana around your body internally, that doesn’t mean there is no way to use spells to 
strengthen your body. So learn how to fight hand-to-hand.” He closes his notes and 
stops talking, leaving a moment of silence for us to digest what we just heard.
“Any questions?” He says softly, giving us a sincere smile.
Elijah’s hand immediately shoots up and the Professor points at him to ask away.
“Professor, if what you’re saying is true, what is really the end result between the two 
category of mages when they reach the Silver stage or even higher?” He asks seriously, 
not a hint of the girl-thirsty friend in sight.
“Good question… Elijah Knight.” He looks down at his notes before he responds. “The 
end result is two mages with different preferences in styles of fighting. The Conjurer 
at this stage will be able to imbue their body with mana just like an Augmenter can at 
lower stages, but his or her fighting style will lean more towards long-range combat, 
consisting of many layers of spells to trick and weave around an Augmenter who may 
be more adept if they get close.” He writes down some of the major points.
“As for the Augmenter, while long range spells will become more natural for him or 
her just like the Conjurers at this stage, they usually lean more towards fighting up 
closer and using projectile spells more straight-forwardly. Augmenters, after all, are 
not as accustomed to remotely fighting like the Conjurers who, in order to distance 
themselves from close-range threats, prepare many layers of spells through multicasting and chain-casting.” He circles the key words for us to remember.
Elijah just nods in understanding as he again writes down, almost word for word, what 
the professor just explained.
The class ended with a few more minor questions from various classmates. As the 
giant bell tower rang, the professor wrapped up the discussion and we prepared for 
our next class.
“I’ll see you at lunch then?” Elijah asks while he was packing up his bag.
“Sure. The person who gets there first saves the other a spot in line.” I patted my friend 
on the back before leaving through the door.
As I walked through the densely packed hall, I sensed some gazes here and there after 
they recognized my appearance and uniform. On the way to my next class, which was 
Practical Mana Manipulation, I realized that there were quite a bit of students who had 
bonds. Most weren’t so impressive, like the horned rat I saw on a student’s shoulder, 
but there were some rather large beasts that students were proudly showing off. This 
boy who looked to be around 15 was riding on top of a giant lizard and had his chin 
proudly out. I didn’t even know what that lizard’s name was but from the amount of 
mana it had inside its beast core, it couldn’t be more than a C class mana beast.
When I arrived to my next class, I noticed that the layout of this room was very 
different. It was shaped like a miniature arena, with a battling platform in the middle, 
encased in a barrier field, and rows of seats circling around it.
I made my way to a random spot and sat down. ‘I’m hungry,’ Sylvie grumbles as she 
starts thumping her head on top of mine. ‘Yeah, me too; lunch is still a bit away though, 
do you want to go and catch something?’ Sylvie nods and scurries off at a speed that 
startled me. She was surprisingly fast when it comes to food.
More and more students started filling the room after a few minutes. While most were 
first years, there were some second years that decided to take this class later.
“May I sit here?” I turn my head to find Kathyln in her Disciplinary Committee uniform 
standing beside me.
“Sure, go ahead.” I move my bag that I had on the seat next to me so she could sit. Her 
expression doesn’t change but she does give me a slight bow before removing her 
notes, carefully straightening out her skirt in a lady-like manner before taking a seat.
“Well look who we have here! If it isn’t Princess Kathyln and my rival, Arthur Leywin.” 
From the front of the door, Feyrith spots me as he confidently walks towards where 
Kathyln and I were sitting.
Since when did he become my rival… and a rival in what exactly?
“Aren’t you loud this morning.” I lean my head on my hands as I look at him.
“Well it is a fine morning today. Didn’t the commencement ceremony today make you 
excited?” He harrumphs as he takes a seat next to on the other side.
Why is he sitting next to me? I thought he wasn’t very fond of me.
“While it is a bit late into the morning, it is still technically the morning so… Good 
Morning!” A rather upbeat, bulky man that wore a light armor clapped to get 
everyone’s attention. He looked more like a low class Adventurer instead of a 
Professor but when I inspected his mana core level, I was surprised to see that he was 
light yellow stage.
“Well we have quite the crowd of students. I know my class is always popular but I’m 
honored to have this many students! My name is Professor Geist. Welcome ladies and 
gents, and welcome DC officers. It is a privilege to have you in my class.” I couldn’t tell 
whether he was being sarcastic or not when he directed his little welcome at us but I 
chose to not mind it.
“This is Practical Mana Manipulation, or PMM as I like to call it. That means that we 
will be doing things very practically! Practically, in my definition, means through 
example because what better way to learn than through hands on experience, right?” 
His deep bass voice booms throughout the class, waking up anyone that might still be 
sleepy, which included me.
“I understand that most of you are first years and that many of you have just awakened 
not too long ago. However, parents have been more and more dedicated in teaching 
their children as soon as they awaken before they even send them here, so even that 
assumption is mostly inaccurate. However, for the sake of equality, I shall assume that 
every first year is a beginner in mana manipulation, of course with the few exception, 
i.e. the three sitting right there.” He points to us while giving us a wink, drawing 
attention to the three of us from everyone inside the room.
“I’m sure EVERYONE, including myself, is curious as to what sort of level in ability our 
newly formed DC has. They are the ones that are going to be protecting the students 
here in this academy after all, right?” Several shouts of agreement spawn from around 
the room.
I inwardly sighed, realizing that this professor was going to make this class a real pain 
in the ass for me. I saw even Kathlyn’s brow twitch in annoyance on her usually 
expressionless face.
“Hmph! Well if Professor Geist insists, I shall volunteer myself on behalf of the 
Disciplinary Committee to demonstrate the ability that our group, who was personally 
picked by the Director, possesses.” Feyrith gets up from his seat and places his right 
hand over his heart in a proud manner.
Sigh…
“HAHA! THAT’S more like it! It’s Feyrith, correct? Come down to the stage.” He 
gestures.
Feyrith elegantly hops down from his seat unto the battle arena that was in the center 
of the large classroom. Some of the females cheer for him while I hear some males boo 
at him.
“Hmm, if my guess is correct, you are a light orange stage Conjurer with water 
specialization correct? Pretty good for a 15 year old, even as an elf.” He rubs his chin, 
studying him.
“Yes! By the fact that I cannot sense your mana core level, I assume that you must be 
quite a bit higher level than myself. It is an honor to receive your tutelage.” While 
Feyrith’s response was very well mannered, he had a slight tone of arrogance, as if 
implying that even if the professor was higher level, he could stand his own against 
him.
“Of course! I am a light yellow level stage after all! To make things fair, I will only use 
long range attacks in this demonstration.” He took out a two-handed sword from a 
dimension item he had on somewhere and stabbed it into the stadium behind him.
I could tell Feyrith was about to protest that it wasn’t necessary but before he could, 
Professor Geist holds his hand up. “Please~ If I were to lose, I would at least have an 
excuse, right? Please give this old man some slack.” He winks at him as the other 
students start laughing.
He sounded sincere but I could tell that he was confident in winning against Feyrith, 
even with this handicap.
“Feyrith is going to lose.” Kathyln says softly.
“Oh really? How can you tell?” For me, it was just a gut feeling but it seemed like 
Kathyln saw something that I didn’t.
She doesn’t respond so I just go back to watching the mock battle that was about to 
start.
“Let me quickly set up the barrier before we begin so that our audience is safe from 
mana projectiles.” The professor mumbles a few incantations and a space around the 
arena starts glowing dimly.
“Let us begin!” He grins as Feyrith takes out his wand and prepares for a spell.
“Water Serpent!” A stream of water circles around Feyrith and soon takes the form of 
a giant snake. “Flood Domain!” Feyrith instantly sets off another spell after the water 
serpent spell is formed and soon, a pool of water forms on top of the arena and the 
water serpent dives into the layer of water that surrounds both Feyrith and Professor 
Geist.
A domain spell was a rather higher-level technique that was used to make the territory 
that the mage is fighting on more advantageous to them.
“Fireball” Professor Geist simply shoots out a fireball but it nonetheless takes me by 
surprise. The low-tier spell that every fire attribute mage learns forms in Professor 
Geist’s palm but it was blue.
It amazed me that an Augmenter was able to figure out and apply the theory behind 
the properties of fire when even the smartest Conjurers had trouble efficiently using 
it.
The fireball that was a bright blue shot out of Professor Geist’s hand and flew towards 
Feyrith, who had no idea how strong that spell actually was.
“You’ll have to do better than that, Professor!” Feyrith confidently lifts his wand and 
controls the layer of water on the ground to manifest into a thick wall of water.
As soon as the fireball hits the water wall, steam gushes out and through the other 
side, a much smaller, but still existent blue fireball makes its way towards my fellow 
DC member.
Feyrith’s expression changes as he realizes he’s going to get hit by the fireball but he’s 
able to react in time to form another layer of water in front of him to minimize the 
damage.
“Oof” The fireball that was reduced to the size of a fingernail by the time it reached 
Feyrith nonetheless leaves a hole in the protective uniform that he was wearing, 
knocking him back a couple of steps before he stumbled on his butt.
“Do you surrender?” Professor Geist gives a wide grin as he juggles two more blue 
fireballs in his hand.
“Y-yes… I concede.” Feyrith has his head down low in shame as he makes his way 
towards us, his uniform wet.
The students were all mumbling about how the DC weren’t that great, doubting 
whether we actually had the capability to protect them.
“You did well Feyrith.” I pat the elf’s back. He did well considering he didn’t know what 
he was up against. What was this professor trying to do by making a fool of us here? 
Did he just want to boost his ego by picking on his students?
“Would anyone else like to volunteer?” He states while looking at Kathyln and I. I was 
about to raise my hand but was startled when Kathyln suddenly shoots up from her 
seat and speaks. “Please guide me well.” She says simply before lightly hopping down 
to the arena.
“Kathyln Glayder. I must say that it is an honor to have your presence in my humble 
class.” Professor Geist gives a deep, exaggerated bow. “Please do not hold it against me 
for whatever the results may be from this ‘demonstration’.” He continues, putting on a 
pitiful face.
With her emotionless face she just nods, drawing her staff out from the dimension 
ring she had on her pinky.
“Very good! Let us proceed!” The Professor claps, fire igniting from between his palms.
Without a word, she lifts up her sky blue staff. Before Professor Geist had the chance 
to unleash his fireball, two javelins of ice form around Kathyln.
“Shoot.” I hear my fellow Disciplinary Committee officer mutter before the javelins fire 
towards our professor.
So she decided to go the offensive route to keep Professor Geist from attacking her.
A faint smirk creeps up on our professor’s face as he lifts up his hands that were still 
aflame, ready to block the ice spears.
“SSSSSSSSSSSSSSHHHAAAAA”
As soon as the ice javelins touch the fire on his palms, it instantly melts, disappearing 
slowly as the blue flames decrease in size as well.
“Ice Javelin.” She mutters again, this time, instead of two, 5 spinning javelins form near 
Kathyln.
“Shoot.” Her face looks cold, reminding me of an ice goddess that would freeze anyone 
who gets near her.
“Haha! Impressive! As expected of our princess!” Professor Geist grins, the class 
leaning forward to get a better view of this intense battle. Since most of the students 
were first years, they weren’t at the level where they’d be able to conjure something 
like this, let alone almost instantly.
Our professor concentrates as the 5 spears head toward him ready to pierce through 
if not countered.
“Ember Wisps!” The spell he was preparing was finished in time as Professor Geist 
jumps back, releasing small, floating orbs of blue flames.
Wasn’t this the spell Lucas used during his rank examination?
“Break.” Kathyln mutters and wills her 5 ice javelins to shatter into an uncountable 
amount of small, sharp shards of ice.
“Fire!” Professor Glayder, his face not nearly so smug as before, wills his orbs of blue 
fire to shoot at Kathyln.
Kathyln, on the other hand, was so focused on finishing her final spell that she ignored 
the incoming streams of blue fire about to hit her.
“Ice Tornado!” Her voice filled with a faint panic as she realizes upon finishing her 
spell that she was about to receive the brunt of our professor’s spell.
PROFESSOR GEIST’S POV:
That idiot! Why didn’t she defend herself instead of trying to finish the last spell?
As the tornado of ice shards begin to whirl around me, I become nervous. I wasn’t 
scared from this fancy spell; I was scared that she might be gravely injured.
Wasn’t it common sense for a Conjurer to have a layer of defense in battles? I chose a 
relatively easy spell to counter and the fact that she’s a Deviant specializing in Ice 
made it all the more easier for her. Did she want to win that much that she chose to 
forgo that?
I cancel the spell but only the ember wisps disappear. The streams of blue fire that 
they shot at the stupid princess is still heading her way.
Fuck. I’m screwed.
Scorch Field. I will a layer of heat around me to melt the shards of ice rotating around 
me. I’m left with multiple light scratches but I don’t care. What happened to the 
Princess? I didn’t hear any screams from the other students. Maybe she was okay?
Damn… I should’ve stopped after making a fool of the elf.
After the layer of ice shards that were blocking my view all melt, I immediately try to 
find the Princess but instead, I find the last member of the three DC officers in my 
class, Arthur Leywin, in front of Kathyln, who was still covering her face with her arms 
in panic, with his palm out in front of him and his other arm around the princess.
His eyes… I couldn’t help but involuntarily tremble from his killing glare that pierced 
through me. It felt even sharper than those ice spears that the princess threw at me.
“I think this little game of yours has gone on long enough, don’t you think?” His 
expression stays icy, the innocent façade that I now know he usually kept on nowhere 
in sight as his domineering gaze looks at me without remorse. Was this his true face?
“While I am thankful for your concern over the Princess, it was unnecessary, as I had 
it all under control.” No way was I going to lose face right here, on the first day, in front 
of all of my students.
“Under control?” Arthur’s brow slightly twitches and I can sense his annoyance. Was 
it just me that was feeling this pressure? This isn’t normal. AA class mana beasts didn’t 
even have this much pressure.
“Yes. Do you think that I, a Professor at this esteemed Academy, would actually put one 
of my students in harm’s way?” I say calmly. There was no proof! Today was all a little 
mistake.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
This ingrate really plans on insisting that he had this all under control. I already knew 
from watching Lucas that once the remote spell from the wisps are shot they can’t be 
cancelled. Then again, there was no proof since I blocked it.
“I see… then in that case, allow me to take the place of my colleague in this 
‘demonstration’.”
“Haha… well if you insist. I seem to have scared the Princess a little too much with my 
last spell. I should’ve cancelled it earlier if I knew you were going to interrupt. Now 
some of my students may misunderstand that I was trying to actually hurt her.”
Even now, this pathetic excuse of an instructor was trying to defend his position. I 
could already tell from the various murmurs around the class that most of the 
students already believed in what he was saying.
I turn back to Kathyln. “You’re okay, Kathyln. Do you think you can make it back to your 
seat on your own?” I gently stir her from her stupor.
“Y-yes… I’m really sorry.” For the first time, I saw a change in Kathlyn’s expression as 
she looked really embarrassed, her porcelain white skin, flushing a light red as she 
turned away, going back to her seat.
“Then please guide me well.” I turn back to Professor Geist and draw Dawn’s Ballad. 
The translucent teal blade triggered gasps and mutters of amazement as even Geist 
looked at my sword, wide-eyed in wanting.
“Quite the nice weapon you got there. Since you are an Augmenter, I suppose it would 
be fair to let you choose which method you would like for me to fight in.” He shrugs 
his shoulders helplessly as he walks towards where his sword was embedded into the 
ground.
“It doesn’t matter.” I respond simply.
I could see a vein popping in annoyance from our Professor as he looks back at me.
“I Insist.” He retorts.
“Then please go with what you’re more confident in.” I take a couple steps forward, 
my face still peering deep into him, studying his every movements and actions.
Scum or not, this Professor was still a light yellow class veteran Augmenter. The fact 
that he had the insight to use blue fire means that he’s pretty capable.
I see the once grinning professor scowl, as his face turns a bit red. I could tell he really 
wanted to leave an amazing impression on his class, and so far, I wasn’t giving him 
much face.
“Very well then. I’ll be sure to go easy on you.” The upper portion of his face betraying 
the smile he was trying to put on.
Pulling out his sword with ease, he makes his way towards me as well, his sword 
dancing around him gracefully as he handles it with little effort.
“CLANK!” He blinks towards me without warning, swinging his blade down with a 
force that wasn’t just ‘going easy’.
His sword was imbued in a layer of blue fire, the heat that radiated from it making 
deadly. After parrying his initial surprise attack I use wind attribute mana to keep the 
trail of fire away from me.
Being only able to use wind and earth mana made me have to really think about how 
to best utilize my assets to overcome a stronger opponent. While it would’ve been easy 
to use blue fire myself, I didn’t have that option right now.
His bombardment continues, the force of each swing and stab getting faster and 
stronger, as if trying to test the limit I could handle. Every time I parried it or dodged 
his attack with ease, his next attacks would be kicked up a notch.
I wasn’t using any spells to receive his attacks, just mana strengthening and pure 
sword technique, which seemed to frustrate our Professor even more.
“I’m sure the Disciplinary Committee aren’t only rats who keep dodging and running 
away.” He says loudly, putting on a joking face.
“Is there really a need for me to attack when our esteemed professor can’t even land 
an attack on a first year student?” I counter, putting on an innocent face.
He doesn’t answer as his lips contort in anger. By this time, a couple of the students 
have already caught on that this wasn’t just a simple demonstration, some whispering 
if they should call the Director or the Student Council over.
Professor Geist’s attacks become fiercer as he starts implementing several spells along 
with his attacks.
“Flame Pillar.” A stream of blue fire shoots up from the ground beneath me as I 
instantly sidestep to avoid it, countering him with a concise strike to his neck.
Catching him by surprise, in order to dodge my blade he jumps back a lot more than 
he has to, a bead of sweat forming.
“Even rats become deadly when cornered, Professor.” I shoot him a snide grin as I 
immediately close the distance between the two of us.
Appearing right next to him, I will wind mana around the blade of my sword as I 
prepare for a spell. Each swing I take forms a still path of wind, confusing Professor 
Geist who was still able to block my blows. Every swipe, every lunge, and every swing 
I took created an almost transparent path of air in its trajectory.
Professor Geist wasn’t trying to put on an act of confidence anymore, concentration 
etched unto his face as he tries to block my flurry of attacks.
He was reaching the edge of the arena as each blow from me forced him to take a step 
back, the flames on his sword flickering helplessly upon receiving each attack.
It’s about time to end this.
I will the surface of the ground where he was about to take his next step to concave in, 
making him slightly lose his balance. As expected of a veteran Augmenter, he stumbles 
for a split second but was able to soon regain his balance. However, that split second 
was all that I needed.
Tempest.
The dozens of trails of wind that was produced from each of my mana-instilled blade 
suddenly glows and shoots out. My assault reached its climax as the speed of my 
attacks increased, my blade becoming barely visible. All the while, the spell, Tempest, 
I just activated followed behind each of my attack, making my barrage a chain of both 
my sword and the sharp blades of wind.
“AHHH!” Overwhelmed by the sheer quantity of attacks that he couldn’t hope to all 
block, he stumbles unto his butt and rolls out of the arena.
“BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM…” The protective barrier that blocked all spells from 
going through flickered and cracked as my tempest spell bombarded against it.
“CLANGG” A very sharp sound was produced as the barrier broke. It was strong 
enough to block all but one last blade of wind from my spell, which grazed my 
Professor’s neck, producing a trickle of blood.
Fortunately, the Professor’s mana imbued body was strong enough so that my deadly 
blades of wind only grazed him, but he was still flat on his ass, his face pale in fright 
and knees shaking as I bury my blade in the ground right next to his carotid artery.
Pulling out my sword and putting it back into my dimension ring, I look down at our 
Professor. “Thank you for your guidance.”
As if on cue, the bell rings and I walk out of the room, leaving the entire class’s eyes 
wide and jaws slack.
“…A-Arthur~” I hear a soft voice from behind me. It was Kathyln running towards me 
with Feyrith following behind.
“I had to admit that you were impressive back there Arthur. As expected of my rival.” 
He crosses his arms, but his face looks a little disheartened.
Putting an arm on the elf’s shoulder, I say to him. “You did good out there, Feyrith. If 
you knew the type of spell that the professor was using, I know you would’ve made 
more preventive measures.”
“O-of course! If I knew that the specific spell he used was a lot stronger than I 
anticipated, I’m sure I would’ve came out as the victor in the end.” He says, but the 
faint smile on his face showed that he appreciated what I just said.
I turn to Kathyln who was still a bit shaken up. “Are you an idiot?” I say to her, flicking 
her lightly on the forehead.
She looks at me in utter shock as even Feyrith looks a bit panicked.
“If you chose to defend yourself instead of focusing so much on beating the guy, you 
wouldn’t have put yourself out at risk like that. Don’t be so stubborn and think things 
through more carefully. You know… you’re awfully emotional for someone whose face 
never changes.” I give her a playful smirk and walk to my next class, leaving the 
princess in a daze while Feyrith was panicking how to console her.
“Kyuu!” ‘Ah~ I’m full! How was class, Papa?’ Sylvie scurries on top of my head and 
settles in, messing up my hair.
‘Meh, it was okay.’ I simply say, patting my precious bond.
While walking to my next class, I couldn’t help but become a bit frustrated in myself. I 
was impatient back there, only wanting to overpower Professor Geist to end it fast. 
Using only my wind and earth attribute, I couldn’t end it as easily as I wanted to. I 
guess being blessed with too many gifts have made me become a bit too impertinent. 
I know I’ve yet to reach the pinnacle of strength in this Continent but I definitely had 
enough advantages that would allow me to reach the top. With that mindset, I needed 
to stop comparing myself to students my age and think bigger. My only hope was that 
the upper division classes would offer insight in mana manipulation that I couldn’t 
receive on my own.
I was rather interested in my next class, Basics of Artificing. Artificing was something 
that never existed in my old world. I’m sure there were relevant ties to technology that 
was used in my old world but the premise of manipulating and coding mana to have 
specific uses designated into an object would be new to me.
Upon entering the classroom, I’m pleasantly surprised to see that the layout of the 
room was that of a laboratory. Beakers, containers, different types of ores and various 
gadgets filled the room, making it all the more authentic.
I was somewhat relieved to see that there was no one I knew in this class, giving me a 
peace of mind. As students started filing in and sitting next to acquaintances and 
friends, a girl that looked to be about my age walked by and stood next to the stool 
besides mine.
“I-Is this seat taken? If it is I’ll move somewhere else!” I don’t know why she looked so 
panicked but I couldn’t help chuckle at her innocent personality.
“Pff~ no the seat isn’t taken. You’re free to sit there if you wish.” I say as I take a seat 
myself. The girl was ordinary to say the least. Her thick round glasses magnified her 
eyes and the freckles underneath them. Her curly hair looked like it had a life of its 
own as it was forcibly tied into a ponytail down her back.
Compared to girls like Tess and Kathyln whom everyone fawned over, and for good 
reason, she was rather plain. But for some reason, I felt comfortable around her, which 
made me chuckle when she asked if the seat was taken.
“Th-thank you…” She muttered with her head faced down. “…mily”
“What was that?” I leaned in closer to hear her last sentence.
“Emily! My name is Emily Watsken! Please be my friend!” She looked at me with her 
eyes sparkling and her hand out.
Utterly baffled by her sudden enthusiasm, I manage a slight nod.
“S-sure. My name is Arthur Leywin.” I grasped her hands and couldn’t help but become 
surprised by how coarse her palm was.
“O-oh! I’m sorry! It must feel gross right?” She retracts her callused hand while her 
face turns a bit red, accentuating the freckles on her cheeks.
“No, it’s quite fine. I have calluses too. See?” I hold my sword hand out to reveal the 
hardened lumps on my palms
“Wow… you’re right! You must practice a lot! It’s no wonder you’re in the Discipline 
Committee. I really admire that! For me, I really love Artificing so I end up fiddling 
around with a lot gadgets, making my hands get this rough.” She scratches her head, 
her sentences becoming faster as she gets more comfortable with me
“Really? I rather admire people like you. I’m jealous that you have such a passion for 
Artificing. The only thing you get better at when fighting is how to destroy and kill, but 
the better you get at Artificing, the more things you can create.” I look down at my 
own, callused hands.
“Woah… that’s deep.” I see Emily readjust her thick glasses while she ponders in her 
head, what I just said.
“Haha, I ended up saying something unpleasant. I apologize.” The class was getting 
pretty loud as room filled up with eager students, most of which were here as a Scholar 
Mage.
“No no no! It wasn’t unpleasant at all! Just, it’s not something you hear every day from 
a twelve-year-old.” She desperately shakes her hands to gesture that it was okay.
“Pfft. You say that as if you aren’t a 12-year-old yourself.” I snicker as I look at her.
Slumping in her chair, she lets out a sigh. “True… It’s because I’m apparently a genius 
of some sorts. I don’t really get why people say that but people don’t really treat me as 
a child anymore after I created the projection display artifact.”
“Wait what? You’re the one that invented the display used to show the kings’ and 
queens’ announcement?” I stood up from my stool.
“Mhmm, well only a part of it… I tinkered around with some of the things in my 
parent’s lab and I made the basic designs of it a couple of years back.” She scratches 
her curly hair again.
Sinking back into my stool, I let out a deep breath. Holy crap. She built something like 
that when she wasn’t even 10!
“Well I must say that it is an honor to be in the presence of a genius such as yourself.” 
I give her a smirk, bowing my head in mock fealty.
“Oh please. Don’t you start now too! Besides, you’re quite famous too, you know!” She 
gives me a smirk as her glasses reflect the classroom light, making her look like an evil 
scientist.
“Really? I’ve tried very hard to lay low. I guess that didn’t work.” I lean my head on my 
hand.
“Pfft. Well joining the Disciplinary Committee as a first year sure didn’t help.”
“There are other first year students in the Committee as well.” I refute.
“But not humans! You and Princess Kathyln are the only ones, and the Princess has 
been hailed as a prodigy as soon as she awakened. That leaves you, a mysterious 
human freshman that has a bond with a white foxlike mana beast and no background, 
also able to overwhelm and completely demolish a professor that is a veteran 
Adventurer at the light yellow core stage.” By this time, she was leaning closer and 
closer to me.
“What? How do you already know about what happened with Professor Geist?! That 
literally happened 15 minutes ago!” “kyu!” Sylvie echoes in protest being called 
foxlike, although that’s essentially what she was.
“Don’t be so surprised! This is a Magic Academy after all. News travels fast and gossip 
travels even faster. I bet you some people in the class already know what happened.” 
She smirks while wagging her finger.
“Oh God… You know, I noticed you’re awfully talkative now compared to when you 
stuttered your greeting when you first came in.” I couldn’t help but realize the change 
in her personality.
“Shut up! I s-suck with strangers okay? Besides, I don’t get along with new people this 
easily. You’re different though! It was easy to get comfortable with you since we’re 
really similar.” She harrumphs, crossing her arms over her undeveloped chest.
“Similar in what way?” I raise a brow.
She grins broadly, “We’re both freaks!”
I roll my eyes at her conjecture but realized that, because of how high her intelligence 
was, I was more comfortable with her than other kids my age.
As I was about to respond to her statement, the classroom door swings open and I see 
a familiar face.
“Greetings plebeians! Please feel honored to have me, Professor Gideon, as your 
teacher for this class!” The crazy scientist skedaddled his way onto the podium while 
the pair of goggles that was hanging from his neck bounced up and down.
As he gazed through the classroom with a condescending eye, he eventually reached 
where Emily and I were sitting.
“AH! Well if it isn’t Arthur, I had no~ idea that you would be in my class!” He clasps his 
cheeks in an obviously fake way, making me shake my head.
“And my oh my, getting along with Miss Watsken! I must say you two would make quite 
the team! Good good! Let’s begin the first day of classes by a little introduction of 
myself!” He smiles, writing his name in big letters behind him.
The lecture continued on with Gideon rambling on about how remarkable he was for 
the following hour and a half. Most students, myself included, were half asleep but 
Emily’s eyes sparkled as she absorbed every bit of information that came out of 
Gideon’s thin lips. I guess even a genius like her respects Gideon in the field of 
Artificing. Makes me almost want to admire him.
Sylvie was curled up on the desk in front of me, using my arm as a pillow, when an 
olive green owl suddenly flies in from the window, landing on my shoulder.
“Kyu!” Sylv jumps up in surprise and growls while the owl just calmly grooms itself.
“Well it seems like Director Goodsky is beckoning you, brat!” Gideon walks up to, 
massaging his hunched shoulders.
“You shouldn’t keep her waiting. Shoo! Off you go!” He slaps my back as he continues 
on talking about how great he is.
Emily leans in, not surprised. “I told you not to underestimate how fast news 
travelled!”
“Yeah yeah…” I walk out of the classroom, hearing some of my classmates begin their 
discussion about what happened.
“Now… where was Director Cynthia’s office again?” I scratch my head.
As if he understood, the owl flies off of my shoulder and begins flying towards a certain 
direction, gesturing us to follow.
“kyu!” ‘Papa, he’s dangerous!’ Sylvie warns me, her fur on its end.
The campus was fairly empty as most of the students were either in class, training on 
their own, or in their dorms. Getting caught up in the beautiful scenery of this campus, 
I realized a little late that the owl had landed on a statue in front of a building that I 
assumed was the Director’s office, waiting for me to enter.
Opening the door, I head inside while the horned owl perches itself on my shoulder 
again, making Sylvie hiss and throw paws at it in warning.
“I see that Avier has personally guided you here. Odd… I have never seen him get so 
comfortable with a stranger before.” Professor Goodsky, who was sitting behind her 
desk, rested her head on her hands as she looked at me but studied Sylvie in particular.
“Is there something you needed from me, Director?” I take a seat in front of her desk 
as Avier, the green owl, flies off of my shoulder and onto the window ledge behind 
Cynthia.
“Yes. I called you here regarding the little ‘demonstration’ in Professor Geist’s class.” 
Her expression remains unfazed as she mentions the trouble I must’ve caused her.
“Ah… There were some situations regarding that actually…” Before I explain, Director 
Goodsky lifts up her hand to interrupt.
“We’ve just dismissed Professor Geist from our academy. Princess Kathyln personally 
came up and explained, telling me what exactly happened. Of course I had to get some 
people to verify with her testimony but everyone agreed that the Professor was 
putting the students in harm’s way.” She nodded, placing a couple of documents in 
front of me.
Wow, she worked fast. This incident happened less than two hours ago, but she 
already managed to handle and fire that Professor.
As if she knew what I was thinking, she smiles and answers, “It helps move things 
along when you get the final say in all matters regarding this Academy.”
“I have to say, though, that I have never seen the Princess so worked up as she was 
today. When she came in, she had a slightly angry expression on her face, which, by 
her standards, is quite serious. You must understand how surprised I was. Hoho!” 
Director Goodsky covers her mouth with a hand as she chuckles softly.
“Really now? I didn’t think that princess could even show emotions.” I grin as well.
“Yes. You must’ve made quite an impression on her because she defended you quite 
fervently, leaving Professor Geist no room to defend himself.” She gives me a wink.
When I shake my head helplessly, Director Goodsky just laughs, responding, “You’re 
quite the ladies’ man, Arthur. It’s going to be a problem if you steal the hearts of both 
Princesses! Who knows, you might be the cause of our next civil war! Hahaha!”
She seemed quite amused by something that could devastate the thin balance that this 
continent had. I wanted to just dismiss the thought, but when I imagine the two 
princesses fighting it out, I get shudders. I don’t think I have the mental capacity to 
handle even one of the princesses, let alone both of them.
“You know, it’s not really considered young to get married at the age of 14-15. I’m sure 
Tessia will have developed quite a bit by then.” She teases me even further.
“No thank you. I don’t see myself becoming romantically involved anytime soon. 
Besides, they’re still just kids. Maybe I’ll start thinking about it when the girls my age 
become a bit more mature.” I shrug.
Leaning forward, the Director studies me. “Hoho, the way you say it makes me think 
that you’ve already matured, Arthur.”
“Well, even you must admit that I happen to be a lot more mature than people my age.” 
Leaning back into the chair, I respond.
“True, but women do tend to mature faster than men.” Director Goodsky states matterof-factly.
“I’m still wondering why I got called in here. I’m sure you didn’t just bring me here to 
tell me that everything was settled, and to tell me to get married.” Sylvie hopped off of 
my head and chased after Avier, who was grooming itself on the window.
“Arthur! I feel like you’re becoming to see me as someone who always has an ulterior 
plan at hand.” She gives me an offended look.
“Haha! I do because we’re awfully similar in that way, Director.” I give her a wink, 
making her smile as well.
“Dear me. If that is the case, then I believe that I’ve made the right decision.” She 
responds.
“What do you mean?”
“Arthur, what do you think about being the professor for your class, Practical Mana 
Manipulation?” She clasps her hand, studying my expression.
My eyes widen at this. “What? You’re not serious right?”
“Oh I’m quite serious, Arthur.” She says, her expression unfaltering.
“Is that even allowed? I’m a student. Can I be a student and a Professor at the same 
time? What about my other classes?” I begin shooting out arguments as to how this 
wouldn’t work.
“Please, no need to get so worked up. It’s quite simple actually. Is it allowed? Yes, as 
long as I say it is. Although this specific situation has never occurred, there are cases 
of highly qualified upperclassmen that teach basic courses. As for your other classes, 
your schedule wouldn’t really change. You would just be teaching that one class, for 
that period.” She gives me a business-like smile.
I begin thinking. Director Goodsky wasn’t doing this for her benefit. She would be sure 
to get a lot of complaints from noble parents protesting why a first year was teaching 
a class. I, on the other hand, would have a lot more time on my hand because teaching 
the course would require a lot less outside of class.
“I don’t understand why you’re doing this, Director.”
“Well, a spot just opened up and you were the one that defeated the previous 
professor. Doesn’t that give you enough qualifications to enter? Besides, I’m really not 
doing this for some ulterior motive, Arthur. You don’t have to be too suspicious. This 
is up to you. I won’t push you into this, but I believe that it would be a good opportunity 
to build a sort of standing for yourself without having to go around conquering 
Professors. If you wish to enjoy teaching after this semester, I can give you more 
classes to teach! I’m sure there are a very limited of classes that would be of use to you 
anyways.” She chuckles.
She stands up, gently patting my shoulder. “The choice is yours.”
Pondering over what she said, I just sat there, my eyes blankly staring at something 
off in the distance. Like she mentioned, there was no real benefit for her to have me as 
a Professor, which is why I find it so suspicious. It was so ingrained in me to be wary 
of people’s motivation, whatever it was they did. I guess as a figure of authority and 
power, you become suspicious of everyone around you, which is why I couldn’t figure 
out why she asked me to do this.
Practical Mana Manipulation was a class that didn’t have any extra work to grade, 
which is why it might even be easier for me to just teach the class. Even if it wasn’t 
easier, it did help build a good position for myself and would be a lot more interesting. 
Seeing as how I probably can’t escape attention from the students anyway, I might as 
well do things a bit differently. Of course I don’t plan on revealing my full set of skills 
to anyone just yet, but I don’t see the point in trying to be completely inconspicuous 
anymore.
“…Arthur?” I get snapped out of my thoughts to see that Director Goodsky was looking 
at me with a rather worried expression.
“Ah yes. Although I’m not sure how competent I’d be, I’d like to try my hand at being a 
Professor.” I look over the document stating my duties and responsibilities as a 
teacher.
“I’m sure you’ll do an excellent job.” She smiles.
Looking at her, I ask, “Were there any other classes that Professor Geist taught besides 
mine?”
“Fortunately, no. We hired him this year after he retired from being an Adventurer. For 
this semester, the other professors and I decided to only have him teach one class, as 
a sort of test run.” She shakes her head at the pitiful results he produced.
“Before I sign, I have one last question.” I state as I read over the final paragraph of the 
document.
“Go on.” She urges.
“Wouldn’t it be counterintuitive that I’m not allowed to hurt students but I’m part of 
the Disciplinary Committee?” I quiz.
“Ah, good question. The ‘not hurting students’ rule is for the inside of the classroom. 
While the situation is always investigated for every case, as long as it is for the safety 
of other students, using a certain degree of force to quell a fight or suppress a rampant 
student. As for outside of class during your Disciplinary Committee duties, I’ll trust 
your judgment on that.”
With that, I nod and sign the document. “I expect great things from you Arthur, and 
I’m sure I’m not the only one.” She gives me a gentle pat on the shoulder before 
ushering me to go eat lunch.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
“Whew, what is it about that boy that always keeps me on my toes. Negotiating with 
him is more heart straining than dealing with the Royal Families. What was your take 
on him, Avier?” My bond gently lands on the arm I held out, his intelligent eyes 
pondering what to say.
“He is… different. Do not view Arthur Leywin as a child. Whether it is mental acuity or 
emotional maturity, there is much more to him than the eye can see.” The clear words 
that came out of my bond didn’t seem natural from the movement of his beak.
“What makes you so certain?” I lean back in my seat.
“His bond. That white fox’s true form should be a dragon…”
I bolt up from my seat. “What?! How is that possible? How do you know?”
“It is because we are of the same kind. I may be a lesser species of dragons but 
Wyverns are still part of the same family as Dragons.” Avier goes back to grooming 
himself.
“Are you saying that bond of his is more powerful than you?” I couldn’t help but be 
utterly baffled by all of this.
“No, that child has yet to mature. She shouldn’t have hatched more than a few of years 
ago. However, I suspect that when she does develop, she will not be comparable to the 
likes of me.” He states matter-of-factly.
I couldn’t imagine anyone stronger than Avier. The fact that he was my bond was only 
because he grew a liking to me when I happened by him, deep in the Beast Glades. He 
usually does his own thing and I don’t dare treat him like pet, but the fact that Arthur’s 
bond was actually a dragon and that it was so subservient to him makes me wonder 
what that boy really was.
“Do not make him your enemy, Cynthia. If treated with trust and respect, he will 
become the greatest ally, but if betrayed, he may be the cause of this Continent’s 
demise.” With that warning, Avier flies off.
I lean forward on my seat, rubbing my throbbing temples as I recall what happened a 
couple of hours back.
*Boom*
“Director Goodsky, I request that you remove a boy named Arthur Leywin from my 
class!”
“Professor Geist, you look shaken up. What’s wrong?” I’m taken by surprise by the 
sudden intrusion.
“The boy has no respect for me, his Professor! Please do not listen to any of the rumors 
that you may hear. I’m being framed.” The man’s wide face is filled with desperation 
and anger.
*Knock* *Knock*
“Please come in.” I state. At least this person had the decency to knock.
“I apologize for the intrusion, Director.” The petite Kathyln gives me a small bow before 
walking up next to the, now pale faced, Professor.
“What’s the matter, Kathyln?” I lean forward, taking a look at the both of them.
“This sorry excuse for a Professor needs to be expelled.” She says, expressionlessly.
Professor Geist grabs Kathyln by the arm, pulling her close to him. “HOW DARE YOU! 
Sorry excuse? Me?”
“You dare touch me with your filthy hand?” Her expression doesn’t change, as she 
somehow seems to be looking down at Professor Geist.
“Professor, I suggest you immediately remove your hand, or else, whatever the case 
may have been, it will not be in your favor.” I stand up at this point. Using force to get 
your point across is deplorable.
“Ahem… as I was saying. Please do not take to heart the rumors that you may hear. I 
swear that this was all a misunderstanding and that I’m being framed.” He 
immediately let go of Kathlyn’s arm before talking.
“I have not yet heard of any rumors. Do you mind indulging me, Kathyln?”
“This scum dares to pick on students to feel good about himself. Even ignoring the fact 
that he utterly humiliated Feyrith, if Arthur didn’t step in, I would’ve…” Without 
finishing her last sentence, she glares at the Professor.
I turn to Professor Geist, who was desperately denying this accusation. “I’m telling you 
that it was a misunderstanding. I simply wanted to demonstrate in front of the class 
the level that the Disciplinary Committee is at; you know, for the other students to 
know.”
“If that was simply what this was, then there would be no reason for you to come into 
my room and insist that Arthur be removed from your class.” I couldn’t help but sigh 
internally at the thought of handling this dilemma.
“Tricia, please gather information for me from Professor Geist’s class regarding this 
incident.” My secretary bows before running off.
“Now, please be patient as this is figured out. I will do my best to be just about this.” 
Before I’m able to dismiss the two of them, Princess Kathyln walks up to me.
“I trust that you will handle this fairly, but just know that, if it wasn’t for Arthur, you 
wouldn’t be handling this Professor’s ethic case but a Student’s injury case, MY injury 
case. I bid you good day, Director.” She turns around, completely ignoring Professor 
Geist, who was taken aback by her last statement.
Recalling the testimonies I received, it seemed like Arthur completely overwhelmed 
Professor Geist. While this professor’s personality never did sit well with me, his skills 
were more than enough to teach a basic mana manipulation class. Even while being a 
light yellow core Augmenter, and quite a capable one at that, he was completely 
defeated by a 12 year old.
I let out a sigh in regret that I didn’t measure the level of the boy’s core while he was 
just here.
A twelve-year-old defeating a veteran Adventurer using only his wind and earth 
attribute mana, which I remember him mentioning were his weakest, and also having 
a bond with a dragon. What more was there to him? If I ask, would he tell me?
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Art! Over here!” I see Elijah waving at me across the dining hall.
I notice he was sitting with a girl when I went over.
“This is Charlotte! Charlotte, this is my best friend and roommate, Arthur Leywin.” He 
stands up, gesturing the both of us to shake hands.
“Hi Arthur, I’ve heard a lot about you.” She gave a coquettish smile while twiddling her 
hair.
“Mmm… It’s a pleasure.” I respond brusquely before focusing my attention on Elijah.
“How were your classes?” I ask my friend while I feed Sylvie a piece of broccoli.
“Kyu!” ‘noo!’
“Aww~ your little mana beast is so cute! Do you mind if I pet it?” Charlotte gets awfully 
close to me, almost leaning on me while she reaches up on top of my head.
Before she gets the chance to pet the growling Sylvie, I grab her wrist.
“Sorry, she doesn’t like strangers touching her.” I look her dead in the eye, making her 
blush by how close her face was to mine.
“O-oh, I’m sorry!” She shrinks back, focusing back on the food.
Seemingly ignorant of what was happening, Elijah responds, his mouth full of food. 
“Classes were great! I especially like my basic chain-casting class and mana utilization 
class. Although for mana utilization, I feel like the professor that’s teaching is going 
over the exact same thing that you’re telling me to do. By the way, I met Charlotte in 
my chain-casting class! She’s really good!”
“Haha, please, you’re making me blush.” Charlotte puts on a bashful face as she 
squirms in her seat.
“…”
“Anyways, how were your classes! I’ve heard you already beat up a professor! What 
happened to keeping it cool man?” He gives me a smirk while he points his fork at me 
accusingly.
“Yeah, about that, so I ended up becoming a Professor for that class.” I respond coolly, 
shoving a piece of meat in my mouth while avoiding Sylvie’s attempts at trying to steal 
it.
“PFFFFFFFFFF”
“kya!”
Elijah splutters the food he was chewing on towards us as I instinctively lean back, 
trying to get out of range.
“Elijah, that’s gross.” I wipe some of the stray food particles that I didn’t manage to 
avoid from my face.
“Sorry sorry… what? You’re going to be a Professor?” He wipes his mouth before trying 
to wipe Charlotte’s face, Charlotte rejecting the offer.
“Mm… I ended up replacing the Professor that was teaching the class. So you may now 
call me Professor Leywin.” I smirk at my friend.
“Professor, my ass. But maybe I should ditch my class sometimes and go to yours. It’d 
be interesting to see you teach.” He retorts back.
As we continued talking, I was growing annoyed at the flirting attempts from 
Charlotte, and even more annoyed by the fact that Elijah was clueless about this all.
“Oh yeah! Charlotte and I were going to go downtown Academy to do some shopping. 
Do you want to join us?” He asks nonchalantly.
“Yes! Arthur you should join us.” She leans in closer again. There was a small strip on 
the corner of the Academy where there were fancy restaurants and cafes, along with 
shopping booths for the rich nobles to spoil themselves in. With that, you could 
imagine how enormous the Academy was.
“I have three more classes, remember? I’m taking the upper division classes after 
lunch.”
Elijah just shrugs at this. “Oh yeah, I forgot. No big deal! I guess it’ll just be me and 
Charlotte.”
Charlotte smiles awkwardly at Elijah’s happy-go-lucky face and responds, “Ah sorry. I 
totally forgot that I had different plans. I’m so sorry! We should definitely go next time, 
though! All three of us! Bye.”
With that, she walks off, leaving my friend and I alone at the small dining table.
“I guess she was really busy.” Elijah looked a bit disappointed.
Oh Elijah…
Leaning close, he asks me in a serious voice. “So, what did you think about Charlotte? 
She’s pretty, huh! Do you think I have a shot at her?”
Oh Elijah…
“I think you can do better, buddy.” I patted my clueless friend on the back as we walk 
out of the dining hall together.
Elijah decided that he wanted to go to the library after his plans suddenly washed 
away, so after walking him there on the way, I made my way to my first upper division 
class, Team-Fighting Mechanics I.
The classroom, or should say field to be more accurate, was on the other side of the 
Academy, where all of the upper division classes were held.
The “room” consisted of a huge grass field with several obstacles placed randomly, 
encased by high walls with runes engraved on them. On top of one of the walls was a 
separate little room protected by a glass encasing. I assumed that the room was used 
to be a viewing platform for the rest of the students.
I see some students arrived before me talking to each other and I immediately notice 
some familiar figures
“Ah! I didn’t know you’d be in an upper division class, Arthur.” Curtis Glayder waves at 
me as soon as he realized who I was. Grawder, Curtis’ bond was lying with his eyes 
closed right next to him.
“Yeah, I didn’t think I’d have a class with you. Please take care of me.” I grasp his hand.
“Good to see you again, Arthur!” Claire Bladeheart puts her arm around my neck while 
smiling brightly. “We have to do our best not to embarrass the Disciplinary Committee, 
right?”
“Haha, I’ll do my best. Is this everyone that’s going to be in the class?” I reply, turning 
back to Curtis. I heard that this class had a fairly small number of students, and that it 
was one of the most popular classes.
“Hmmm, there should be a few… ah, there they come!” Looking back, I see several 
more students and I couldn’t help but smile wearily.
“Princess Tessia is as beautiful as always, isn’t she?” I hear one of the students murmur.
Walking this way amongst the small group of students was Tessia Eralith, my 
childhood friend, and Clive Graves, the Student Vice President.
She notices me and I could tell she was about to greet me but she notices that I have 
an older woman’s arm around my neck, so instead she shoots me a glare before 
snapping her head away, pouting.
Clive, oblivious of why she got angry, straight up gives me the death glare as his narrow 
eyes become even sharper.
“Good afternoon, Princess Tessia!” Not bothering to remove the arm around my neck, 
Claire smiles and waves at Tess.
“Pleasure.” She responds, her expression fierce.
After she walks past us, she secretly sneaks in a pinch to my side, jolting me up.
“Hmm, I wonder if she’s in a bad mood today.” Claire ponders.
It’s because of you!
Removing her arm around my neck, I turn to see someone behind in the back of the 
group. As soon as I recognize who it was, my face starts burning in anger while my 
clenched fists turn white. It was Lucas Wykes.
My body couldn’t help but tremble in suppressed anger at the thought of being in the 
same class as that brat Lucas; and of all classes, a team fighting class. The sick irony of 
having that traitor in a class focused on learning team cohesion in battles almost 
makes me want to laugh.
Our eyes met but he looked at me apathetically, like I was an insect on the ground.
“Good! Everyone’s here!” A loud voice suddenly booms over the field. As all of the 
students start turning their heads to locate where the voice came from, I look straight 
up to see a massive hawk-like mana beast hovering over the field.
This beast was at least 4 meters long and its wingspan was well over 8 meters. With 
its sharp talons tucked underneath it, the beast slowly made its descent, revealing a 
well-toned woman with a giant sword strapped to her back, standing up on the back 
of the hawk.
“Welcome! My name is Professor Glory and I will be the one teaching all of you brats! 
This Flare Hawk is Torch, my precious bond.”
The first thing I did was measure the stage our professor’s mana core was at, but upon 
trying to inspect her level, I felt a sudden sharp pain in my head as Professor Glory 
whipped her gaze at me. Giving me a confident smile, she gazed down to my direction. 
Hopping off of her Flare Hawk, she makes her way around the group of students in her 
class. Studying each of the students she passes, she takes a closer look at some of them 
before making her way towards me.
It wasn’t unusual for mages to build defenses around their core stages, especially the 
higher level ones. It was also lot more difficult to hide which element they use, since 
the mana particles of their element naturally surrounded them. Most don’t find the 
need to hide their elemental attribute so it wasn’t a big deal even if they couldn’t, but 
needless to say, it was surprising to see how strong Professor Glory’s defenses were.
I couldn’t tell what her core stage was or even her elemental attribute. While I got the 
hang of masking my core stage level, I needed to use seals in order to completely hide 
my elemental attributes. I wasn’t sure whether she used seals like I did in order to 
hide her abilities but one thing for sure is that she knew I was the one inspecting her.
“I have to say, you guys have set the bar pretty high for all of the other classes.” She 
announces after inspecting Lucas. She took quite a bit longer to inspect the 
Disciplinary Committee and the Student Council Members, nodding every once in a 
while.
“Well if it isn’t my newest colleague, Arthur Leywin. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” 
Professor Glory gives me a playful grin, as if she was itching to tease me.
The students start murmuring amongst the group in confusion at her greeting.
“Professor Glory, what do you mean by colleague?” One of the upperclassman males 
raised his hand.
“Ah! Most of you have probably seen him from the commencement this morning but 
this boy is a freshman Disciplinary Committee Officer. A real prodigy if I do say so 
myself. He’s also a newly appointed Professor for the Practical Mana Manipulation 
class that you guys all took during your underclassman years.” She gives me a firm pat 
to my back.
“““WHAT?!!”””
“You can’t be serious, Professor!”
“If that brat is a professor then I’m the king of this Continent!”
“What has this academy turned into, to accept a freshman as a professor?”
“How is that even possible? Even the best upperclassmen these days don’t get picked 
to be professors, but that first year did?”
Various noises of protests make me sigh. They were bound to find out eventually but 
it would’ve taken the upper classmen a bit longer to find out this news, considering 
they don’t really get much communication dealing with lower division classes.
“GRRRR~” Sylvie has her fur standing on its end as she growls warningly at the group 
of students. ‘Papa is stronger than all of you combined!’
Everyone has seen Sylvie by now, whether it was passing through the Academy or at 
the Commencement ceremony earlier today so no one really cared much about the 
tiny mana beast on my head that could turn big enough to gnaw on their bodies.
“Now now! Before we jump straight into complaints, we should have more faith in the 
Director’s decision. He has qualified to some degree by beating the professor that 
taught the class previously!” She shoots me a wink.
“But Professor Glory! The underclassman professors aren’t all that great anyway! I bet 
some of the upperclassmen students here could beat most of them!” Another round of 
complaints issue on, making me grow sleepy. Must be the food coma from lunch.
“Haha! To be honest, I’m itching to test how strong you really are, boy! Unfortunately, 
Director Goodsky made it clear for us to not do that. So! These students here will test 
you in my place!” She puts her hands on her hip, grinning in anticipation.
By now, I see a sudden raging fire burning in some of the male student’s eyes as they 
look at me. I can almost see the words that they’re thinking etched into their face.
‘I’m going to kill this bastard.’
‘Who does this brat think he is?’
‘Murder, murder, murder, murder… ’
‘I’m jealous. Why is he good looking too? He needs to die.’
The female students, on the other hand have a look in their eyes that scare me even 
more. Their stares remind me of hyenas looking at fresh meat as they almost drool 
over the ‘goods’ that I suddenly became to them.
Taking a glance at Tess, I notice that she has a surprised look on her face, her lips 
curling slightly in pride, but when she notices that I’m looking at her, she quickly 
glances away, but I did notice her ears were a little red.
Sigh, you know… it’s not weird for you to talk to me.
Clive, on the other hand, is scowling in contempt while Lucas is looking at me with his 
brow raised in renewed interest, as if I got promoted from an insect to a mammal.
“Director Goodsky told me to take it easy on my upper division classes until I adjust 
to school. This is my first day after all.” I try to ease my way out of this. Fighting against 
these hormonal teenagers wasn’t going to end well.
“Oh come on! That’s no fun now, is it? In order to get proper respect, a certain amount 
of skill needs to be shown, you know? It’s just to prove to us that you are actually 
capable of being in this upper division class. Isn’t that right, class?” She shouts.
“”””“Yeah!”””””
Was this a military boot camp or something? Why was there always a reason to prove 
myself in whatever situation came up?
“Sigh… What did you have in mind, Professor Glory?” I say in defeat. This wasn’t going 
to end and I didn’t want to waste my breath in arguing with people who don’t want to 
hear logic.
“Fear not! I am a just and fair woman!” She harrumphs.
Just and fair, my ass.
I feel as if she just read my mind because she wraps her well-built arm around my 
neck and squeezes. Unlike Angela’s, from the Twin Horns, breasts, they were muscular 
and hard, not much different from a man’s.
“We will start off this semester by playing a little game! Aren’t I so nice?” By the look 
on her face, she was the most excited about this.
Continuing on, she says. “So! What kind of game should we play… a mock team battle? 
War?
“How about having the three Disciplinary Committee officers on the same team, 
Professor? I feel like that could be a good way to let us work on teamwork as well.” 
Curtis raises his hand as Claire nods in agreement next to him.
“Hmmm, not a bad idea!” She responds while rubbing her chin.
“But Professor, both Curtis and Claire are one of the top students in this Academy! It 
wouldn’t be fair to have both of them on the same team as him.” A tall, black haired 
teen argues.
“That’s true… Aha! I got it! For the DC team, we will have Arthur play the role of king, 
the match resulting in an immediate loss if he gets put out of battle. I think that should 
be fair. Now, what about the other team?” As if she was talking to herself, she starts 
muttering the possible candidates when a hand is raised up.
“Professor. How about having the Student Council President and I as their opponent.” 
Clive raises his hand up high as he makes his suggestion.
“What?” Tessia turns her head to Clive in surprise. Before she has the chance to object, 
however, Professor Glory clasps her hands.
“OHH! NOW things are getting interesting! But it would unfair to have only the two of 
you versing the three of them.” She looks around the group of students.
“I think the President and I will suffice if the immediate loss rule affecting Arthur 
Leywin is implemented. He says seriously.
“I’ll volunteer to be on the Student Council team.” Lucas Wykes says calmly while 
leaning on his staff.
“Hmmm, Mr. Wykes, our other genius freshman… Very well! It would be a good chance 
to see your abilities in action as well!” I could tell she had a twinge of doubt. Maybe 
she heard some rumors about him.
““Aww.”” Some of the other students were disappointed that they didn’t get the chance 
to beat me up and be on the same team as the Student Council President but everyone 
was excited to see the match.
“The match will have a time limit of 30 minutes, where we will have a short discussion 
and a breakdown of it afterwards. Please gear up!” With that, a pile of what looked like 
exercise gear dropped to the ground out of Professor Glory’s dimension ring.
Turning serious, she begins explaining. “These are special equipment designed by 
artificers to measure the amount of damage that is dealt. This equipment will activate, 
releasing a shrill noise, if the damage it takes passes the threshold that’s encrypted 
into it. If anyone chooses to ignore this warning and continues to fight or cast spells, 
it will lead to immediate expulsion from my class and other possible consequences 
regarding your stay here as a student. This rule goes for any upper division fighting 
class in this Academy so engrave this rule into your guys’ brains. All of you are all at 
the level where protecting yourselves with mana shouldn’t be a problem. Let me 
reiterate this but, these equipments don’t protect you so don’t rely on it as a source of 
protection.” She announces to everyone else in the class as well.
Clearing her throat, Professor Glory shouts. “Do I make myself clear!?”
““““““YES!””””””
“Good! Now, the six of you gear up.” She gets back on her bond while the rest of the 
students head towards the viewing platform.
Curtis come up to me and pats my back before picking up his gear. “Well, it seems like 
we’re going to have an early practice session! Let’s do our best, Arthur. I still 
remember you wanting a sword back then for practicing as a hobby. Let’s see how 
good you are!”
“We can’t embarrass the DC name now, can we? I’ll make practice extra hard for 
anyone who doesn’t meet standards!” Claire grins evilly while grabbing her gear.
Clive and Lucas walk past me, ignoring me as I go after them to pick up my gear. The 
gear consists of a tight jacket and a series of straps that I wrap around my legs. The 
jacket also had sleeves made of some special straps that I was supposed to wrap 
around my arms.
I was having trouble putting on the arm wraps when Tessia silently comes up and 
helps me bind the straps around my right arm.
“Is it okay for Princess Tessia to be helping me like this?” I smirk while letting her help 
me.
Shooting me a glare, she tightens the straps, jerking my arm towards her. “Can it, Mr. 
Genius. They’re over there anyways. Sigh… I can’t stand acting like I don’t know you.” 
Her gaze softens.
“You know, they’re going to find out eventually. Why try so hard hiding it?” I shrug.
“You mean… you don’t care? Grandma Cynthia mentioned to me about you wanting to 
keep a low profile so I thought…” Her face loses composure as she starts stuttering.
“Pff… Well I haven’t been doing a very good job of that, now have I?” I couldn’t help 
but snicker, confusing Tess even more.
“It’s okay. There are just a few things I mainly wanted to hide. As long as those remain 
a secret, the rest doesn’t really matter. For one, do you notice anything?” I stick out my 
chest to let her analyze me.
“I don’t get what… Ah! I can’t sense your- mfff.” She was getting too loud so I had to 
cover her mouth. Leaning closer to her face, I whisper. “Yup, that and Sylvie’s true 
identity as well. I’m keeping most of my abilities a secret for now so you have to do 
your part as well. Maybe keeping the fact that I visited your kingdom a secret might 
be a good idea but you don’t have to ignore me, Tess.” I let go of her mouth and pat her 
head, making her flush and push me away from her.
“Y-you’re too c-close.” Tess mutters under her breath as she’s facing down.
“Are you guys done flirting over there?” Professor Glory’s voice from above surprises 
the both of us as I quickly finish adjusting the straps.
“Ah! Arthur. I suggest you leave your bond in a safer place if she’s not capable of 
assisting you during the battle like Curtis’ bond.” She points towards the viewing 
platform.
“Kyu!” Sylvie cries in protest.
“I think it’ll be better for you to sit this one out, Sylv.” I say while patting her small head.”
‘Aww… Okay.’ She jumps off my head before scurrying off out of the field.
Tess just finished putting on her gear as I went up to her. “Let’s both do our best. I 
want to see how much you improved.”
Giving me a confident smile, she says back, “You better watch out then” before running 
off to the other side of the field where Clive and Lucas were.
I head towards where Curtis and Claire were situated. Claire was stretching while 
Curtis was mounted on top of his World Lion, Grawder.
“Even with Grawder, we’re still at a disadvantage because they have two Conjurers and 
Clive is a long range Augmenter. The fact that it’s an instant loss for us if your gear 
activates gives us a seriously limited set of options.” Claire was leaning on her 
unsheathed sword while stretching her leg back.
“You’re right. Claire and I don’t really know anything about your fighting style so we’ll 
match your pace. We’ll take priority in protecting you while we get in range to do some 
damage.” Curtis responds while petting Grawder.
I look for Tess, Clive and Lucas and spot them a few dozen meters away. Seems like 
we’re going to be target practice for them until we get in range. This should be fun.
I couldn’t help but grin as my blood boils. It should feel good giving Lucas a few good 
blows during the match, although I can only imagine that both Lucas and Clive 
thinking the same thing.
I take out my blade, Dawn’s Ballad, making sure to not take out its sheath, as both 
Curtis and Claire ready their weapons as well.
*Whistles*
“That’s a beautiful sword you have there, Arthur.” Claire stares at my blade.
I have to admit that Curtis looks pretty damn impressive wielding his dual doubleedged swords while mounting his bond.
Claire releases a fierce battle aura as she infuses both wind and fire attribute mana 
into her body.
I turn forward as well, imbuing wind and earth mana into my body and sword. My hair 
and clothes flutter as the ground beneath me pulses to my command.
Professor Glory’s powerful voice echoes through the battlefield, signaling us to begin.
“LET THE MATCH COMMENCE!”
On Professor Glory’s signal, the three of us dashed forward. Curtis, who was mounted 
on top of Grawder, was to my left as Claire was on my right side, both a bit ahead of 
me.
Tessia, Clive and Lucas all split up as soon as we charged. Tess circled around the left 
side as she prepared to take on Curtis, while Clive dashed around the right side to 
confront Claire before she reached him.
Straight ahead, I see Lucas calmly waiting for me, his face twisted into a haughty sneer 
that seemed to say ‘I don’t need to get ready for you’. Whether it was at the Dire Tombs 
or even now, Lucas’ arrogance had no limit. I still remember when he betrayed us by 
using us as live bait so he could escape. Even then, he had the same sneer that he had 
now.
Tessia was probably going to beat Curtis and I wasn’t sure who was stronger between 
Claire and Clive but I’ll worry about that later. Wind and Earth bent to my will as I 
infuse more mana, activating mana rotation as well. Lucas wasn’t weak. His mana pool 
was bigger than mine, but that didn’t mean he’s stronger than me.
“Will you be all right by yourself against Lucas?” I hear Curtis shout as he dashes 
towards Tess.
Claire looks back at me in slight worry as well until I give them a silent nod. She nods 
back and focuses on the Student Vice President.
Lucas senses a bit of the killing intent I purposely let out to shock him out of his 
pedestal as he begins quietly chanting a spell while dashing backwards to get more 
distance between us.
Soaring up ahead, I feel Professor Glory’s keen eyes studying me as I close the gap 
between Lucas and I. I take a deep breath and block out everything else. As far as I was 
concerned, this was a fight between only Lucas and I. Narrowing my eyes in utmost 
concentration, each powerful step that I take creates small craters in the ground while 
the wind whistles around me.
Lucas lets out a chortle before he releases his spell. “Inferno’s Cage!”
The spell reminded me of the Ember Wisps spell that both Lucas and Ex-Professor 
Geist used but it was a lot bigger. The orbs scattered and floated in place around the 
both of us, creating a dome made of fire.
Don’t tell me…
With a confident smirk, he snaps his finger and utters, “activate”.
The orbs glowed in response before spewing out bullets of fire. If it was a spell on the 
level of Ember Wisp, I would be able to close the gap while dodging the fireballs, but 
this was insane. Dozens of fire blasts were locked in on my position and fired at a 
constant rate coming from all different directions. If I didn’t train my body and fighting 
techniques during my time as an Adventurer, I doubt that, no matter how fast I was, I 
would be able to dodge everything. Without even giving me a chance to take a step 
closer to my target, I was forced to dodge and block every incoming missile constantly 
bombarding me.
Inferno’s Cage… whoever came up with this spell deserves a sword up the ass to feel 
what a pain this is to deal with. Not to mention the constant fireballs and streams of 
flames that were locked in on me, the heat inside this dome was wearing me down. 
Without my fire attribute mana or my water attribute mana, there was no direct way 
to counter the heat inside. Using fire attribute mana to make my body more immune 
to fire or even using water attribute mana to directly cool my body were both out of 
the question.
“Keep running around, monkey. Do you think it’s even possible for the peasants of the 
mages to actually have a chance against someone like me? I can’t wait to step on you 
to crush whatever speck of confidence you had just because you became a DC member 
and a Professor. I thought this class would be a waste of time but I know why I was 
brought here. It was to crush you.” His little pretty boy face was wrenched into an ugly 
face as he sneered.
‘Are you okay, Papa?’ Sylvie’s concerned voice echoed into my head after feeling how 
frustrated I was at the moment.
‘Yeah, I’m fine Sylv. Don’t worry about me. How’s everyone else doing?’ I send back.
‘Mama is winning against Curtis and Claire is winning against that serious looking guy.’ 
She responds.
‘Okay, just tell me if something unusual happens.’ I turn my focus back to the fight. 
Dodging the flame bullets and the occasional streams of fire was easy but I couldn’t 
get closer to Lucas. I would release a wind blade and some spikes of earth at Lucas but 
either the orbs that made up the dome destroyed it or Lucas just blocked the spell 
with one of his.
What was with this kid’s mana pool? Did he not have a limit to how long he could keep 
this spell up? No, calm down, Arthur. You don’t want to be impatient. Think. How can 
I use wind? Wind? What is wind? It’s the movement of air, right? What’s air? Oxygen? 
Nitrogen? So am I able to control oxygen and nitrogen as well? If so, how?
I was growing frustrated at my lack of comprehension in my wind and earth elements. 
Now was a good as time as any to try and comprehend. It wasn’t just enough to shoot 
wind bullets or wind blades because Lucas had already prepared several levels of fire 
shields around himself.
I wasn’t thinking outside of the box when I used wind. Even with mana rotation, I don’t 
have the necessary mana to form a tornado big enough to swallow the fire shooting at 
me, and even if I did, I don’t think I’d be able to last longer than Lucas. What was I 
missing?
“Keep squirming! I’m sure I can get away with it if a couple of fireballs land on you 
even after your gear activates. You know, since I can’t cancel the blasts from the orbs 
once it’s been released.” He just shrugs nonchalantly as the shields around him block 
any spells I fire at him.
Think Arthur. Let’s focus on fire. What does fire need for it keep burning? It needs 
oxygen. Can I get rid of the oxygen around me so that the fire can’t reach me? Then 
what would happen to me? Would I be able to breathe?
PROFESSOR GLORY’S POV:
Hmmm… Lucas… he’s better than I what I’ve heard. Inferno’s Cage is a pretty tough 
spell to master, yet he was able to cast it while running backwards. Seriously, he’s 
barely 13 and he can already use a domain type spell. Haa… the world sure is coming 
to a change, with a half elf like him using fire attribute magic, the ice princess, Kathyln, 
and even Princess Tess were all monsters. I get shivers down my back imagining how 
strong they’ll become by the time they graduate from here.
But that brat, Arthur… What the hell was he? Lucas Wykes, since he awakened a few 
years back thanks to his elf lineage, I can sort of understand the level of control he has 
with his spells. Tessia Eralith, her being a pure lineage elf from the royal family 
guarantees that her skills are a few levels above anyone anywhere near her age. 
Kathyln Glayder, her insane mana pool and her natural compatibility with Ice attribute 
is what makes her a prodigy but her control and battle sense is still lacking from the 
fact that she hasn’t awakened too long ago, but Arthur?
As soon as he flashed through the field to confront Lucas, I felt cold sweat. The way 
both the wind and earth around him naturally gravitated and danced around him. He 
wasn’t controlling the elements to his commands like typical mages do. No, he was in 
perfect harmony with the mana surrounding him, as if he was moving his limbs.
Seems like that brat Lucas is taking Arthur seriously. Good thing too or he probably 
would’ve lost instantly. Currently, the spell Inferno’s Cage encompassed both Arthur 
and Lucas in a large dome of fire. I can tell Lucas is a bit worn out after using it, but 
this was a continuous spell that he could leave activated until he runs out of mana, 
which I don’t feel will happen anytime soon. The dome made up of tiny orbs of fire 
was like a death trap used by Conjurers to gain the advantage against Augmenters or 
agile mana beasts.
The tiny orbs can shoot out beams and bullets of fire anywhere inside the dome, 
leaving the Augmenter occupied enough so the Conjurer can cast more spells.
I focus my gaze over to Curtis Glayder and Tessia Eralith. As expected, Curtis was 
having a hard time. I had the chance to observe the Elf Princess practice with our 
Director once, and I had to say, the way she battled was exquisite. She was a Conjurer 
but her staff was actually a sharp blade, made of a special wood that was lighter but 
harder than most metals. Casting buffs on herself and using spells in synch to her 
movement, she danced around the vines she conjures with a speed faster than even 
some trained Augmenters from the wind aiding each motion and action.
She fights in a mixed style of both conjuring spells and using close combat so she had 
no notable weakness. Compared to my masculine way of fighting, I can only admire 
how graceful and beautiful her style of combat is.
Claire Bladeheart, on the other hand, was gaining the advantage on our Student Vice 
President. Clive is a rare long range Augmenter that wields a short bow capable of 
firing arrows at an almost unbelievably fast pace. Usually, he would be at an advantage 
against most Augmenters but Claire was a bad match up for him. Miss Bladeheart’s 
style mimicked that stick, Kaspian. With her dual elements, she creates spears of wind 
and fire from her rapier. She has yet to reach his level but with constant training, I’m 
confident she can surpass her uncle.
I turn my attention back to the most intense battle, which was definitely Arthur’s and 
Lucas’. I notice that most of the students were watching their fight as well, all in awe 
from both of their abilities.
“Hmm?” I couldn’t help raise an eyebrow at what was happening. That’s strange. 
Arthur is getting hit the fireballs now. At this rate, even with protection from mana, 
his gear is going to activate.
He was dodging it so effortlessly just a minute ago too. I focus more mana into my eyes 
to get a better look. The dome of fire surrounding them blocks a lot of the view but I 
can still sort of make out the fight. It seems like Arthur is trying to do something. Is he 
holding his breath? What was he trying to do in this situation?
“Torch! Fly down a bit lower!” My bond descends as he angles his massive wings to 
keep himself level.
As we slowly circle around the huge fire dome that surrounded a third of the field, I 
began noticing some changes. Around him, for every three or four fire blast that 
scraped or hit him, one would completely extinguish before it reached him.
“No…” A smile crept up on my face as I continued observing him.
“Don’t tell me he’s actually trying to learn how to manipulate air in this situation right 
now…” I cover my mouth as I continue to smile in wonder. “That little monster… he has 
guts, I’ll give him that.”
Air manipulation is a variation of wind magic, albeit a much harder one. Breaking 
down the components of any element and trying to directly manipulate it is something 
only the most keen and sensitive mages can do, and that’s while meditating in a 
perfectly calm and peaceful environment. After years of practice through meditation, 
the mage might begin experimenting in real life situations like incorporating it into 
spells.
The blue fire technique was a perfect example of that. It takes years of meditation to 
reach the stage of being able to stably summon blue flames and even longer to do it 
fast enough for it be of use in actual battles.
This little beast was skipping a few steps and trying to incorporate a completely new 
technique in the middle of a battle? My hands were trembling in excitement at the 
thought of being able to witness the development of a mage that can perhaps become 
the pinnacle of power in this school, no maybe even this Continent!
“GROOOOAAAAAARR!” Turning my attention to where the roar came from, it seemed 
like Princess Tessia and Prince Glayder’s battle was reaching its climax.
Curtis Glayder’s uniform is full of small gashes and nicks. I must admit that Curtis has 
done fairly well against the only disciple of our Director Goodsky, although it was most 
likely because of his bond that he was able to last this long.
“You’ve forced me to do this Princess Eralith! Please be careful! PHASE ONE! KING’S 
WRATH!” I hear Prince Glayder roar as his body glows.
Oh! He’s activated the acquire phase of his beast’s will. Curtis rarely chooses to use his 
beast’s ability because he doesn’t really consider it his own power. I had to hand it to 
him for having the right mentality. It’s said that some beast tamers choose to only use 
their unique powers instead of honing their own. Because of that, while still strong, 
they never really improve themselves in the long run. In order to utilize the most of 
the Beast Will, the user himself needs to strengthen his own power.
As he activates his Beast Will’s first phase, a noticeable transformation occurs in him. 
While the amount of visible change differs by the person, Prince Glayder’s change is 
visibly apparent. Both his deep red spiky hair and eyebrows became longer and 
messier while the straps that wrapped around his arms tightened from his muscles 
expanding. His extended canines became visible as he roared.
*Whistles*
This sight never fails to impress me.
When I shift my gaze to Princess Tessia, though, who was standing on top of a series 
of vines, her face looked unnaturally pale. That’s odd, it didn’t look like she took any 
damage.
I was quite a bit away from Tessia and Curtis’ battle since I was encircling Lucas and 
Arthur’s, but with mana infused eyes, I can make out even the beads of sweat rolling 
down the Princess’ face.
“This is my most powerful attack. If you can take this on, I’ll admit my defeat! Please 
prepare yourself!” Prince Glayder’s voice became a lot louder and huskier after 
activating his beast’s will. He was a ferocious sight to behold on top of his bond, 
Grawder.
“WORLD HOWL!” A serious amount of mana gathered in front of the mouth of Prince 
Glayder as he invoked his breath attack. The world lion had a powerful move that they 
used as a last resort against enemies more powerful than them. It was a beam of 
condensed earth attribute mana that could shred anything in its way if not blocked 
properly.
A little worried, I look at Tessia again and I can see her mumble an incantation when 
the worst scenario happens.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Goddamn it! This is frustrating as hell! I can only grimace and try harder as I continue 
to try and manipulate the air molecules surrounding me. I’ve had little success so far 
but I feel like I’m onto something here. Lucas, noticing this, clicks his tongue and starts 
chanting spells again.
“Flame Guardians!” He shouts.
I let out a small grin as I realize he’s reaching his limit. Then again, so was I, or more 
accurately, so was my combat equipment. I wasn’t sure when this thing would start 
screaming its alarm so I had to finish this fast.
As the flame soldiers gain on me, Sylvie’s worried voice booms in my head ‘PAPA! 
Something’s wrong with Mama! She’s going to get hit by a powerful attack and she’s 
not doing anything! This is really bad! Should I go help, Papa?’
Dammit!
‘NO! You can’t do anything while you’re in that form!’ I shout back in my head.
I can sense the feeling of desperation from Sylvie, making me all the more anxious.
“NOOO!!”
I take a quick glance up to where I heard Professor Gloria’s scream and notice she went 
full speed to where Tess and Curtis was.
‘Papa! She’s not going to make it in time!’ Sylvie echoes back, sounding even more 
worried than before.
Dammit!
Dragon’s Will, Phase one. Static Void.
My knees almost give upon activation of the first phase of Sylvia’s Beast Will as the 
color of everything is inverted. This ability to shift myself outside of the world’s time 
and space came with a limit. I couldn’t affect anything outside of myself unless I choose 
to bring it in here with me.
“I don’t have time.” I say to myself.
As I dash through the gap between the orbs that made up the dome created by 
Inferno’s Cage, I pass by the frozen Professor on top of her mount, Torch.
Quite a bit ahead I see Tessia as she’s already fainted and falling from the conjured 
vine she was standing on, clutching her abdomen as a massive breath attack released 
by Glayder was almost upon her.
Sylvie was right. If I left it to Professor Gloria, she wouldn’t have made it in time. I could 
only purse my lips in dread as I imagine my precious friend dying.
I sped up, my vision growing blurry as I run out of energy. I was almost at my limit.
Fuck. Hold on, Arthur. You can do this.
I make my final dash towards the area Curtis and Tess were fighting and as I jump off 
a crumbled vine, I wrap my body around Tess and create a barrier around the both of 
us with the little mana I had left.
Haa… This is going to hurt.
I release my first phase and as the world reverts back into it’s original color, I feel a 
tremendous searing pain on my back. Before I could even scream, my vision fades and 
the last thing I hear before passing out is the shrill sound of my gear activating.
PROFESSOR GLORY’S POV:
I’m too late! Fuck! What happened to her? Why did she suddenly collapse? Is 
something wrong with her mana core? Why now?
I could only watch in horror as Prince Curtis’ breath attack made its way towards 
Princess Tessia. With absolute no defenses around her, was she going to live? If so, 
would she even be able to continue being a mage? Forget mage, she might have to live 
the rest of her life as a cripple!
I could feel tears well up in my eyes as I desperately made my way towards them, but 
I knew I wasn’t going to make it. What would the consequences be? I would be happy 
if it just ended with me getting fired. I was more concerned that this would start a civil 
war. During this important time period in the Continent, was I going to be the cause of 
the split between the three races?
“BOOOOOOOOM!”
“NOOOO!!” I scream in dread as Curtis’ World Howl engulfed the Princess. Prince 
Glayder had a look of shock in his face as well when he realized after releasing his 
attack that Tessia was already unconscious. There was no way, though. There was no 
way to stop the attack.
After what seemed like hours, the beam slowly dissipated and what I saw shocked me 
even more than the worst possible scenario I imagined.
In utter incredulity, I just stammered. “A-A-Arthur Leywin?!?”
How the hell did he get there? Just moments ago, he was occupied inside Inferno’s 
Cage by Lucas. Instant teleportation? Was that even possible?
No… no no… no… that wasn’t possible.
I jumped off of Torch as soon as I got close enough and rushed towards Arthur and 
Princess Tessia. Arthur was in bad shape. Most of his clothes were disintegrated, with 
only patches of his uniform intact and a strange bandage around his left arm. He was 
bloody all over and I could see deep gashes near his sides where a rib bone was visible. 
His body was wrapped around the Princess and from what I can tell; he used most of 
his mana to protect her. Thanks to that, she was almost unscathed.
The rest of the students all rushed out of the viewing platform and made their way 
here. Fortunately, the Princess was okay but Arthur needed immediate attention. As 
soon as I got close enough to try and help them, though, Arthur’s little bond stopped 
me in my tracks.
“Grrr…” Normally, I’d find the cute white fox that rides on top of Arthur’s head to be 
cute but right now, the killing intent it was giving off was anything but cute. The 
amount of pure menace radiating from that little fox was no joke. It seemed to be 
protecting its master and Princess Tessia.
“It’s okay little buddy, I’m only trying to help.” I try to slowly ease my way closer but 
its growl only gets louder. Torch, who was normally unafraid even in chaos of battle, 
was holding me back with her beak clutching the back of my shirt.
“P-Professor, I-I didn’t mean to. I mean, I didn’t think Princess Tessia would suddenly 
faint.” Curtis runs to me, his face pale in fright.
“It’s alright, I know. I don’t know how, but Arthur managed to protect the Princess. His 
bond won’t let me get close to them though.” I clench my fists in frustration. Arthur 
needed immediate attention. Why was his bond risking his master’s life by doing this? 
What was it trying to protect? Curtis’ attempts at trying to get Arthur and Tessia failed 
as well, so we all just stood around the two of them.
Every attempt at getting even a step closer to Arthur and Tessia resulted in the bond 
lashing out at us. “Someone get Director Goodsky!” I barked out. Some of the students 
regained their senses but when they were about to leave, a loud screech filled the air.
From above, a green owl soared down and landed in front of Arthur’s bond.
“Kyu!”
“Hoo~”
“Kyu kyu~”
“Hoot!”
“A-are they communicating?” Prince Glayder couldn’t help but stammer out in 
confusion.
“I-I think so?” I scratched my head at this. Can mana beasts of different species 
communicate?
As we all stood there, watching a white fox and a green owl ‘talk’ to each other, a couple 
of minutes later, Director Goodsky arrived looking quite flustered.
“Oh my.” She kneeled in front of the two of them but this time, Arthur’s bond didn’t do 
anything to stop her.
“Director Goodsky…” Before I have the chance to tell her what happened, she stops me.
“Please. I’ll hear what happened later. Taking these two to the infirmary is top priority. 
I will take the two of them myself. Go contact Guild Hall and have them send over their 
top healers.” She said while levitating Arthur and the Princess.
I give her a nod before getting on top of Torch.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“COUGH! COUGH! Aughh…”
I’m woken up by a jolt of searing pain throughout my side, causing me to have a fit of 
coughs. My whole body is in a concoction of different kinds of pain. From the stabbing 
pain to the burning pain to the throbbing pain with the occasional tearing pain 
radiating over my entire body.
Without the strength to even scream, I’m left gritting my teeth as I clench the side of 
the bed I was lying on.
They really needed to hurry up and invent anesthesia.
A few minutes later as I got a little more used to the agony that my body was in; I feebly 
turn my head to see Sylvia sleeping next to me.
“How are you feeling Arthur?” Director Goodsky’s familiar voice comes from the other 
side of the bed.
Without the strength to turn my head again, I whimper. “Never better. Why do you 
ask?”
“Kuku~ if you have the will to answer sarcastically, I’m sure you’ll be okay.”
If I had the strength to roll my eyes at her, I would.
“How’s Tessia?” I ask, my voice hoarse.
“Well, good news is, Tessia is in a much better state than you.” She sighed.
“…Her body can’t handle her beast will, right?”
“H-how did you know?” Director Goodsky comes around so she’s facing me.
“Because I was the one that gave the beast will to her.” I try to sit up but the pain from 
my body makes me stop almost immediately.
Continuing what I was saying, I grit my teeth to bear the pain. “Make sure no one 
knows that Tessia has a beast will, at least for now. I’d help Tessia with the assimilation 
myself if I was able to but I’ll leave her to you.” I can tell she wanted to ask more 
questions but she held back for my sake.
“Once I got you both back into infirmary, I didn’t let anyone else see either of besides 
the healers. I contacted the royal family, as well as your own though. They should be 
coming soon. I assumed that she acquired the beast will from Virion but to think it 
was from you. Get some rest, Arthur. Your body is unusually strong though, so I don’t 
think there will be any repercussions but it’s better to be safe than sorry.” She heads 
to the door but turns back before leaving. “Thank you for saving Tessia.”
I give her a weak smile as I slump back to sleep.
I stir awake from Sylv licking me on my cheek. ‘Papa, are you feeling better now?’
I must’ve been having a nightmare because I’m drenched in sweat.
“Honey! Art is awake!” I hear my mother’s voice to my left.
Turning my head is a lot easier now if I ignore the pain.
“Hey Mom, when’d you guys get here?” I give her the best smile I could muster up.
“Are you okay? Director Goodsky didn’t really tell us happened yet. How did you get 
hurt so badly on the first day of school!” I could tell she wanted to hug me but she held 
herself back after realizing I probably wasn’t in the best state for that.
My sister rushes to the other side of the bed and leans forward. “Brother!! Are you
okay now? Does it hurt?” My eyes widen in horror as I see that she was about to place 
her hand on my body to probe me but before she’s able to, Mother stops her.
“You’re already getting into fights, son?” My father smirks.
“You should see how the other guy looks like.” I grin back making him laugh.
My mother just gasps at this and starts actually imagining what the other person must 
look like.
“He’s only joking Mrs. Leywin.” Coming in through the door was Director Goodsky with 
the whole Eralith family, including Tessia, who was looking a lot better.
“T-this…” My father takes a step back in surprise as my mother gasps with her mouth 
covered.
“Pleased to finally make your acquaintance Mr. and Mrs. Leywin.” Alduin Eralith, 
Tessia’s father and the former king of Elenoir grabbed my stunned father’s hand and 
shook it.
“We have always wanted to meet the parents of Arthur. It is such a pleasure to finally 
get to meet you in person.” The former queen of Elenoir and Tessia’s mother, Merial 
Eralith hugs my mother, who still had her hands over her mouth in disbelief.
Merial, then, goes to Ellie and pats her head gently. “You must be Arthur’s little sister. 
You’re so adorable!”
“I-I saw you guys at the announcement a couple of months back…” My father’s 
speaking skills seems to drastically decline in front of them, which I find surprising 
since they didn’t react this much even towards the king and queen of Sapin.
“Greetings. I go by Virion Eralith and I am your son’s former teacher.” He shoots me a 
cheeky grin as he grasps my father’s hand.
Without the energy to even retort, I just smile helplessly back as my father and 
mother’s gaze switches back and forth between the Eralith family and me.
“H-h-h-hello! My name is Tessia Eralith. It’s a pleasure to m-meet you! Please take care 
of me! I’m Arthur’s childhood f-f-friend and I’m not sure if he talked about me with 
you but I really am!” Tessia bows so her body is at a full ninety-degree angle as her 
voice is a mixture of respect and panic. She quickly gets back up with her hair draping 
over most of her face and as she tries to fix her hair, I can see her face becoming more 
and more red.
At this, my parents become a bit more surprised, but my mother looks at me with a 
coy smile that says she’s onto something and kneels in front of Tessia.
“I see. Well aren’t you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. Please take good care of my son. 
As you may know, he’s the type to get into trouble a lot, so it’ll really help me if I know 
he has someone like you next to him, now and in the future.” My mother shoots her a 
wink as she strokes Tessia’s hair.
I’m not really sure how what Tess really heard but she was definitely overthinking 
everything. Eyes widening as her face that was already red turned a shade brighter, 
she responds in a voice that was an octave higher than usual. “Y-YESS!!!” She beamed 
while nodding vigorously.
My father was still clueless as to what was going on but I could only internally groan. 
Leave it to my mother to instill misleading thoughts like this to a 13-year-old girl.
After getting back up, both my mother and Tessia’s mother broke out into a fit of 
giggles while my sister began pouting because our mother said Tessia was the 
prettiest girl she’s seen.
“How are you feeling, brat?” Virion takes a seat on the edge of the bed I was laying as 
he gave a pat to Sylvie who went back to sleep. Tessia, regaining her senses, walks up 
to me too with a worried expression.
“Heh… I can beat you in a fight right now, Gramps.” I try to hold in the coughs that were 
about to come out but I couldn’t.
“I’m so sorry, Art. If it wasn’t for me, you wouldn’t have been…”I stop her mid-sentence 
and poke her gently between her eyebrows with my finger.
“Don’t furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn ugly.” As the strength in my arm 
gives out, I slump back down and take a deep breath.
“Gramps, did you take a look at Tess’ mana core? How’s everything looking?” I couldn’t 
help but be worried since I knew exactly what she was going through.
He gives me a soft smile. “Luckily, her body seems to be a lot more compatible with 
the beast core than your body was when you first integrated. By the way… How the 
hell did you manage to pick up an Elderwood Guardian’s beast core?” He leaned in 
forward and spoke in a hushed voice. Gramps knew there some things that I didn’t 
want my family to know about so he made it so that only we could hear, just in case.
“By killing one, of course.” I give him weak smirk.
“You’re joking… no… you’re joking, right? You’re telling me that you killed an S class 
mana beast?” Grampa’s usually stern face was round in astonishment as he gets even 
closer, our face almost touching.
“You’re too close gramps. I can smell what you had for you last meal… wait. How long 
have I been out for?” I couldn’t get a grasp on how much time has passed.
“From what Cynthia told me, it’s been a bit more than a day since you passed out. You 
missed your second day of class.” He lets out a sigh.
“Oh no… I guess I can forget about shooting for perfect attendance…”I give him a weak 
elbow to his arm, making him chuckle.
“Hehe” Tessia giggles as well as she takes a seat on the bed too.
“I’m telling you! I’m Arthur Leywin’s best friend! We’re like brothers! If I can’t visit 
him, then who could? I’m telling you it’s true!!” I hear a familiar voice echo in the 
distance and I couldn’t help but chortle at my friend.
Director Goodsky, hearing this as well, signals to the security to let him through.
“ARTHUR! You okay man?” He rushes towards me totally oblivious to the other people 
in the room.
“You’re late. And you didn’t even bring any food with you?” Letting out an exaggerated 
sigh, I just slightly shake my head.
“Haaa… I guess you’re fine if you can talk like that.” Elijah lets out a sigh as relief 
washes over his face.
I start smiling as his head comes back up and recognizes whom the other people in 
the room were. My friends face contorted from relief to terror as he realizes that, 
besides my family, the Director of the Academy and the whole Royal Family of the 
kingdom of Elenoir were also in the room.
“Uhh… oh my…” His slack jaw fails to form words.
“Pfft, Hahaha… oww… haha” My stomach felt like it was being wrangled as I couldn’t 
stop laughing.
“Gramps, Mr. and Mrs. Eralith, I’d like you to meet my closest friend, Elijah.”
“P-pleased to meet you! Sorry for being so rude just now!” Elijah immediately bows, 
almost dropping his glasses.
After everyone got acquainted with each other, my parents continued to get 
acquainted with Tessia’s parents in the other side of the room. Gramps finally left me 
alone and started catching up with Director Goodsky after wringing me of all the 
details and telling me to make time for him once I’m better to further discuss 
everything else.
“Brother. Who’s prettier, me or her?” Ellie points at Tess and gives me a serious look.
“You guys are both pretty ugly to me.” I just shrug helplessly but I regretted it as soon 
as the words left my mouth.
“OWW! That seriously hurts right now!” I groan as the both of them pinch and twist 
the skin on my arm.
“Tess, like I said, Elijah is a close friend of mine. You guys should get along.” I say 
through gritted teeth, my arm still throbbing, more so from the state of my body than 
the power of my sister and Tess’ pinches.
“Sorry I never formally introduced myself to you, I’m Tessia Eralith, Arthur’s CLOSEST 
friend.” She sticks out her hand and as Elijah accepts her handshake, he responds, “I’m 
Elijah, Arthur’s BEST friend. Nice to meet you.” Sparks flew between them as they 
glared at each other in competition.
I just rolled my eyes as my sister giggled. I was getting tired from being awake for even 
this long, my eyelids beginning to weigh down heavily.
Director Goodsky, noticing this, announces to everyone. “Now! I think we should give 
Arthur some more time to rest. His life isn’t in danger but he should be very tired right 
now.”
“Son, come visit home after you’re all healed up, okay?” My father grasps my hand and 
gives it a gentle squeeze before herding my family out.
“Get plenty of rest. Okay, dear?” My mother says as she’s heading out. Tessia’s parents 
say their brief goodbyes while patting me softly on my arm before following out after 
my parents.
“We’ll catch up soon brat.” Virion ruffles my hair, making me wince and tows Tessia 
and Elijah out with him.
“Haa…” I look at Sylvie who’s still fast asleep.
As I was about to close my eye, the door squeaks opens once more.
“Did you leave something, Tess?” Spotting from the corner of my eyes, I don’t bother 
turning my head.
“Hey Arthur…” She arrives next to me glances back at the door.
“Hmm?”
“You said you couldn’t really move your body, right?” I can see with my peripheral view 
that she’s fidgeting a little.
“I can probably only turn my head and lift my arm for a little bit, why?” As I turn my 
head towards her, my eyes widen in surprise as I realize that Tess’ face was just 
centimeters away from mine. Her eyes gaze at me with an expression I’ve never seen 
in her ever and before long, I feel her lips as her eyes close.
The soft, warm sensation of her lips on top of mine catches me by surprise but my 
body doesn’t let me react. Instead, I spot a small mole in the outer corner of her left 
eye that I’ve never noticed before.
A small, glistening strand of saliva connects my lips to hers as she pulls away, her eyes 
never avoiding mine. She quickly turns her head and runs out of the room leaving me 
more dazed than when I first woke up.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
I kissed him… I k-kissed him!
As I ran out of the room, I could feel the temperature in my face rising rapidly. That 
was my first k-kiss! I wonder if he liked it? Did I do it right? My face didn’t look weird 
as I kissed him r-right?
I stop in the hall and look at my reflection in the window. I stand right in front of it and 
pretend to kiss Art again to see how I looked.
“EEK! NOOO!!” Banging my head on the window in embarrassment, I could only groan 
at the thought of how weird I must’ve looked to him. As I look outside through the 
window with my forehead still glued against it, I touch my lips with my fingers.
His lips sure were soft. They were a bit chapped since he was so hurt but it felt nice.
“Hehe…”
I notice that my face in the reflection showed a perverted grin on it.
Oh God, I’m turning into a pervert. I wonder if I came on too strong? What if he didn’t 
like it? What if he thinks I’m some sort of pervert now?
“UGHHH” I slump down to my knees as my forehead slides down the window.
Wait. How am I supposed to face him now? Things were just getting better too! Did I 
just ruin everything? What if he ignores me now, when he sees me?
A throbbing ache thumped in my chest as tears start welling up in the corner of my 
eyes. I wouldn’t be able to bear it if Art ignored me like that.
Should I go back to his room and pretend it was all a joke? I imagine myself bursting 
in the room laughing and pointing at him. “Got you! Hahaha! You really fell for it!”
Am I stupid? I groan again at the stupidity of it all.
No! You did the right thing, Tess! Things would never progress if I left it up to Art’s 
pace! He still thinks of me as a child every time we’re together. It was for the best!
“Yeah!” I fist pump the air to encourage myself but I still let out a big sigh at the thought 
of him not liking me.
“Tch!” Who cares! If that stupid Art chooses to ignore me, I can just find someone 
better than him! He wasn’t that great anyway! He’s just a teeny bit better looking than 
average. He’s only slightly better than mediocre in magic, right?
Sigh. Who am I kidding? I couldn’t imagine myself with anyone else but Arthur. Sure, 
over the years, there were nobles that tried to impress me and tried to get close but 
they weren’t like Arthur.
That stupid Art! He’s such a player! “Don’t furrow your brows, Tess. Your face will turn 
ugly.” I say in a mocking tone while imitating him.
Tch! Making my heart skip a beat for no reason! That stupid player!
“GAH! Who cares if he doesn’t like you, Tess! It’s his loss! What don’t you have? I’m a 
talented mage! I’m also pretty smart and I’m popular too, right? I don’t want to sound 
conceited but I have a bit of confidence in my looks, right? Arthur is the one that’s 
missing out if he doesn’t snatch you up!” I point at my reflection as if she’s a different 
person.
I wonder what kind of excuses I should make to talk to Arthur. There were plenty of 
excuses! His Mother personally asked me to watch over him, yeah! A-and also the 
beast core assimilation! I could just ask him to help me with it since he’s the one that 
gave me the beast core! It’s only right that he takes the responsibility right?
Sigh…
I take one last look back at where Arthur’s room was before I slump back to my dorm.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I k-kissed Tess…
I kissed Tessia Eralith, a thirteen-year-old girl. Isn’t this a crime? Am I a criminal? No, 
calm down. I’m in the body of a twelve-year-old boy. Why do I feel so guilty then? I 
shouldn’t, right?
She’s the one that kissed me after all! I’m the victim here! Making a move on me while 
I’m in this vulnerable state. She sure was smart, that Tess. As I stared blankly at the 
door that she left through, my shaking hand finally reached my lips and I just lay there, 
dumbfounded, touching my mouth as my mind can’t help but recall the soft, moist 
touch of her lips.
This is wrong. Yes, I’m technically only twelve years old, but with the mental age from 
my previous life and this life combined, I was almost 50! Even assuming that I had kids 
late, Tess would still be around the age of a daughter if I had one.
Goddammit! All of this is because of this accursed body! These raging hormones in my 
body right now! The reason I’m feeling so guilty is because I actually enjoyed it. It felt 
nice when Tess kissed me. It shouldn’t feel nice and I shouldn’t enjoy a kiss from a little 
girl, but I did.
I groan, half from pain and the other half from thinking what was going to happen 
between Tess and I. Knowing her, she was probably overthinking a lot of things right 
now and she’s going to be really uncomfortable around me.
I almost laugh at the thought of what people might think of Tess when she’s with me. 
If someone didn’t know any better, they might even assume that she hated me since 
she’s the type to act cold when she doesn’t know what to do.
Something tells me that if I don’t clear things up with her, there will only be more 
misunderstandings.
How should I clear things up though? It’s not like she confessed or anything. Should 
we date? No, no, no. Did kids our age even know what dating was?
I look back and think of the time when I was twelve in my past life. When I was twelve, 
my life was filled with only training. Being raised in an orphanage and getting sent to 
an institute solely dedicated to raising duelists, I can’t say that I really have any 
experience in dating.
We were too young anyhow, right? I’m technically only twelve in this body! Is this body 
even capable of reproducing yet? Oh God, now you’re overthinking this, Arthur.
Haa… it’s not like I hate Tess. I’m actually quite fond of her. She is still immature in 
some senses, but I shouldn’t let that be an excuse right?
“What do you think, Sylv?” I poke my sleeping bond as her body slowly heaves up and 
down with her breaths. I’m surprised she didn’t wake up when Tess kissed me.
As I play with my bond’s ears and paws, my breaths begin to synchronize with hers 
and I soon fall asleep.
Over the past couple of days, quite a few people came to visit me while my body was 
recovering. Curtis came by and asked if I was okay. I only shot him a grin and said that 
his move was pretty damn strong, making him laugh. Claire Bladeheart came by to 
make sure I was okay. She also kept me up to date on the Disciplinary Committee 
meetings so I wouldn’t be totally lost when I went back.
I was surprised Kathyln came by herself instead of with her brother. She asked if I was 
okay and I swear, she had a worried expression on her face. I was more surprised by 
that than anything else. I could tell everyone had a lot of questions. Curtis looked like 
he wanted to ask me something a few times but he held back because of my condition. 
When Professor Glory came by to visit, she brought me some fruits.
“I’ll tell you now, Lucas has been pretty heated up in class. I can’t blame him, though. 
To him, it must’ve felt like he was beating you in every sense, but you suddenly 
disappeared from his spells and appeared a few hundred meters away instantly.” She 
paused before continuing.
“H-how did you do it anyways? I’ve never seen anything like that. You should know 
that even Director Goodsky isn’t capable of what you just did. Instant teleportation 
was always thought of to be a myth. Yet, here you are, a twelve-year-old.”
By this time, I was able to sit up without it hurting that much so I lifted myself up just 
enough to be eye-level to the seated Professor Glory.
“Growth isn’t stopped by a lack of talent or a series of unfortunate luck. Growth is 
stopped once the person limits his own ability to grow. With that said, I believe 
everyone has a secret or two they wish to keep to themselves.” I sink back down in my 
bed, leaving Professor Glory confused and without a means to respond.
Director Goodsky visited once. I asked what was happening to the class I was 
supposed to be teaching and they said that, for now, Professor Glory volunteered to 
take on the extra class as a substitute until I’m better. She didn’t stay for long and came 
mainly to update me on how Tess was doing.
“As her assimilation continues, she’s becoming more and more stable. These past 
couple of days, she has only had one more fit.” She states.
“Thanks for taking care of her, Director.” I give her a smile.
“Don’t thank me, Arthur. She is my precious disciple after all. Ahh, that reminds me. I 
will be out of the academy for a couple days for some business. Since Virion has gone 
back, I need you to help Tessia with her assimilation until I am back. Can you do that 
for me?” She says before leaving through the door.
“Uh, yeah. S-sure, I can do that.” I shake my head helplessly at this. I’m not sure if 
Director Goodsky really has errands to run but she was definitely giving me an excuse 
to meet Tess.
My body’s recovering rate was a lot faster thanks to the assimilation of Sylvia’s Dragon 
Will into my muscles and bones. I also spent this time while recovering to also 
meditate and develop my mana core. I was at the threshold of breaking out of the dark 
yellow stage but it would take a bit more time until I could reach solid yellow. I would 
still feel a bit weak, but I planned on leaving the infirmary room and resuming normal 
school life starting tomorrow. My body felt stiff from being in bed for so long.
*Knocks*
“Come in.” I turn my head as Sylvie hops off the bed and goes towards the door.
“I came to visit you!” My father has a wide grin on his face as soon as he notices how 
much better I look than before.
“Hey, Dad.” I smile back as Sylvie ‘kyus’ in greeting before hopping back up next to me.
Taking a seat, my father catches me up on everything going on at home. We talked for 
quite a bit of time and I realized how comfortable it was to talk to my father. Family 
sure was different than anyone else. The fact that he didn’t have any ulterior motives, 
no plan, no secrets, was comforting. He just wanted what was best for me.
After a brief period of silence, I ask him something that’s been bothering me. “Hey 
Dad. How come Mom never really uses her magic? I mean, she healed small wounds 
for me when I was little and stuff, but that was about it. I remember you telling me 
how great of an Emitter she was.”
Looking at my father, I’m surprised that his usual bright face turns a little sullen.
“Your mother, she carries a lot of weight in her heart.” Letting out a deep sigh, he 
continues.
“I know you’re mature enough to know this but I want you to be patient. She’ll tell you 
when she feels ready so I want you to wait for her to tell you directly.” He scruffs my 
hair as we change the topic.
“How’s everyone doing at home anyway?” It hasn’t been that long but it still feels like
it’s been a while since I’ve spent some time with my family.
“Oh, you know, your mother is busy mingling with her friends. Your sister, though, 
she’s becoming quite a handful.” He chuckles to himself.
“Maybe we had it too easy raising you, but I sometimes just don’t know what to do 
with Ellie.” Scratching his head, I notice some wrinkles that he hasn’t had before.
“Just give her some space. She’ll come around.” Patting my father’s arm weakly, I 
reposition myself as I feel my body cramping up.
“I should let you rest, Son.” He pinches my nose softly and quietly leaves through the 
door, leaving me wondering what could possibly have happened with Mother that she 
became too traumatized to use her powers.
“Kyu?” Sylvie asks me what I’m thinking of and I just shake my head. “It’s nothing, Sylv. 
I hope.”
“Easy… take it slow. There you go.” Elijah supported me back up. It’s been exactly one 
week since I’ve gotten injured and also the last time since I’ve walked. Even with mana 
circulating throughout my body, strengthening my limbs, I still felt weak.
“Kyu…” Sylvie looked at me with as close of a concerned face she could have for a 
foxlike mana beast. She was walking besides me instead of curling up on top of my 
head, afraid that I won’t be able to hold her up.
Elijah came over to my hospital room as soon as first period was over. I would be 
starting off my day as a Professor in the Practical Mana Manipulation class and I wasn’t 
so eager in my current state. With my legs giving out every couple of steps and my 
back and sides burning, I barely had the strength to get to class, let alone teach it.
After slowly getting used to walking, I stopped leaning towards Elijah for support and 
used Dawn’s Ballad as my walking stick. I couldn’t help but chuckle because of the illhumored irony. I remember how I thought that this sword was nothing more than a 
walking stick instead of priceless sword. I shake my head at the fact that my 
assumption back then was actually foreshadowing my current situation.
Elijah wrapped the handle and sheathe in a white bandage both for comfort and for 
safety from suspicious eyes. Here I was, a twelve-year-old, already using a cane to 
support myself from falling.
“Are you going to be okay by yourself? Maybe I should at least help you out in between 
classes for today?” Elijah had a concerned look on his face as he stuck close by me, 
ready to catch me if I stumble.
“I’ll be okay.” I don’t have the confidence to say that I won’t fall, but I didn’t want to 
make Elijah constantly be by my side.
As we arrived in front of the classroom, Elijah still had his brows furrowed underneath 
his glasses and I knew he was hesitant to let me go by myself.
“Arthur. Let me help you.”
I turn my head around to see Princess Kathyln run toward me, away from her group 
of friends. Without giving me a chance to respond, she places her arm around my waist 
as her other wraps around the hand that I wasn’t holding my walking sti… sword with.
“Uhh… okay. Thank you.” I shrug at Elijah, whose body was frozen, and carefully make 
my way inside my room.
“I heard our new Professor was finally coming today!”
“Oh really? I liked Professor Glory though.”
“Anyone should be better than Professor Geist, right?”
“You never know, we might get an even more dangerous weirdo this time.”
“Hey, isn’t that the Disciplinary Committee officer that beat Geist?”
“He looks hurt…”
The various discussions that the students were having all changed to murmurs about 
me as soon as I walked in.
“I’ll be fine now, Princess Kathyln. Thank you.” I ease my arm out of her soft hold.
“You need help up the stairs…” Her expressionless face didn’t match the concern in her 
voice. I just shake my head and motion her to go on first.
Sylvie followed close behind as I walked to the middle of the room as she took small 
hops towards the moveable podium that was placed in the center of the small stadium.
“Whew…” I let out a deep breath in relief as I put all of my weight on the podium that 
was a little too high for me.
I look up to see Feyrith in one of the desks with a curious expression on his face. As 
soon as Kathyln reached her desk, I spotted her looking back, trying to find me. She 
also gave me a confused look when she realized that I never went up the stairs behind 
her and instead came to the middle of the room.
By this time, the conversations amongst the classmates that centered around me 
diminished as more and more of the young mages began wondering what I was doing 
leaning against the professor’s podium.
“I’m not sure how many of you know my name, but I believe that most know at least 
who I am. My name is Arthur Leywin, a Disciplinary Committee member, the only son 
of two wonderful mages, a doting brother, and your new professor. Let’s get along.”
I counted down in my head in prediction of when the class would erupt. Almost exactly 
in sync, the noble brats that filled the classroom stood up in disbelief and some in 
anger as they shouted to stop kidding around and get back up to my seat.
“You expect us to believe that a brat like you is our new professor?” One of the second 
years that is either retaking this class or is taking this class for the first time exclaimed.
“Stop fucking around and get back up here! Who do you think you are?!” One short 
first year barked.
Wow… such vulgar language coming out from a twelve-year-old.
“Sigh…” If I could teach this class while lying down, I’d honestly do it at this point. I’m 
too tired and hurt for this.
This would be a lot easier if Professor Glory or Director Goodsky let the class know 
that I would be teaching beforehand. She should have at least given me an official 
document to prove that I was the Professor. I wonder if Director Goodsky did this on 
purpose.
This seems like something she would do.
“Mmm… would you guys believe me if I said that Director Goodsky appointed me to 
be the professor for this class for the remainder of the semester?”
“Get real!”
“Stop joking!”
“Shut up!”
Another round of protests resounded within the room as the students were growing 
rowdier.
Looking at Feyrith and Kathyln, I see Feyrith’s handsome face filled with a mixture of 
incredulity and doubt, while Kathlyn’s face was also that of slight shock.
“Don’t get so cocky just because you beat the old professor! Do you think you could’ve 
won if Princess Kathyln and Feyrith didn’t tire him out?” A different second year 
jumped down and landed on the stage with a loud thud.
He had a pretty big build, and judging from the poor circulation of mana in his body, 
he’s probably at the level of being able to augment only some of his body.
He took big strides towards me, preparing to carry me off the stage if he had to. Feyrith 
was preparing to jump off the stage as well to stop the big guy but I just shook my head 
at him.
“You shaking your head at me now? Who do you think you are?” I guess this buffoon 
thought that my head gesture was directed mockingly at him.
Half of the students were a bit nervous, not wanting to get caught up in another drama 
during class, while the other half was cheering Mr. Brute here, on.
“Sit.”
*THUD*
The entire room vibrated slightly as I directly bombarded him with mana, making him 
fall back on his butt.
“…”
Hobbling over to the student that was sitting down confused and stunned on his ass, 
I felt like an old master of some sort, teaching a rebellious young disciple the true way.
“Don’t ask me why, but Director Goodsky didn’t bother giving me any special 
documents proving that I am your new professor. Taking a quick glance at all of you, 
though, with the few exceptions, I can’t see how any of you can even call yourself 
mages yet.”
I deliberately step over the still shaken Mr. Brute and make my way to the other side 
of the silent room.
“Do you think that, because you’ve formed your mana core, you can call yourself a 
mage? I can tell you right now that this cute little fox here, yeah, she can take on any 
of you.” I pick up Sylvie below her armpits and show the entire class.
“Any of you students that feel like they need proof or don’t even want to bother 
attending this class, go find Director Goodsky or lie down and make angels in the grass 
outside. For those of you who are even a tiny bit curious as to what I’ve got to teach all 
of you, feel free to stay.” I wait a couple of seconds, but whether it was because of my 
little trick with Mr. Brute or because they were too lazy, none of the students left.
“Now… If you’ll please go back to your seat, student, I’ll begin my lesson.” I gaze down 
at the second year that jumped down, eager to show off his limited ability.
“Uhh…” Quickly getting up, he made his way back to his seat, a look of embarrassment 
etched onto his face.
I walk back to the center of the stage as I lean on the podium that Sylvie was curled up 
on.
“Since this is a Practical Mana Manipulation class, I’ll ask a practical question. What is 
the best way to utilize mana in the surrounding atmosphere?” I look around and 
almost instantly, a nerdy-looking girl with ponytails shoots her hand up.
“Mana is best utilized by absorbing the mana naturally formed in the atmosphere into 
the mana core where it can be condensed and purified for use when spells or 
techniques are cast.” She gives me a satisfied look, as if she was proud of her own 
answer.
“Good. Now. As you all know, the difference between Augmenters and Conjurers lie in 
the fact that Augmenters use mostly the mana in their cores via their mana channels 
while Conjurers directly absorb mana from the surrounding atmosphere via their 
mana veins. So… Why do both types of mages have to meditate and absorb mana if 
only the Augmenters actually utilize the mana that they absorb into their core?” I quiz, 
not looking at anyone in particular.
“…” The nerdy girl’s confident hand shrinks down as she thinks about what it.
“While Augmenter’s incorporate mana into physical attacks, thus reducing the amount 
of mana used, Conjurers manipulate the space that the spell is casted in directly, 
consuming more mana. Because of that, Conjurers use the purified mana in their mana 
core as a reserve to avoid backlash.” Kathyln answers, her face unchanging as she 
remains seated.
“Correct! Then the last question of the day… Is the color of a Conjurer’s or even the 
Augmenter’s mana core a truly accurate way of measuring the level of the mage’s 
power?” I lean forward, shifting my weight from my left leg to my right.
“…” I hold in my chuckle as Kathlyn’s usually composed and vacant face scrunches in 
deep thought. “That’ll be your homework for today! Everyone come down to the stage 
and line up! I want the Conjurers to my left and Augmenters to my right!”
After a few grumbles of complaints, eventually, everyone makes their way to one side 
of the stadium, all lined up side by side faced towards me.
“For this exercise, I want everyone to initiate the most basic spell of your affinity. 
Conjurers, no wand.” I state.
For Augmenters, the most basic spells that they’re taught all come in a very similar 
form. For fire affinity Augmenters, it would be Fire Fist, which was igniting a small 
ember covering their fist. For wind, it would be Whirlwind Fist. For water, it would be 
Aqua Fist, and for earth, Boulder Fist. After mages are able to manifest their elements, 
the Augmenters’ first step is learning to integrate their element into their hands, 
which are the limbs that they’re most accustomed to using.
The fact that these royal mages are even here is because, thanks to their lineage, they 
have high talent and usually have the ability to manifest their elements early on. It 
took my father more than twenty years in order for him to manifest an actual flame, 
but these 12-14 year olds can already do that. THAT was the difference in genes, 
something that even I found to be undeniable.
As for the Conjurers, the most basic spell involves gathering a specific elemental mana 
into a sphere and shooting it. For Fire specialists, that would be in the form of the spell, 
fireball. For wind, it would be wind bullet. For water, that would be water bullet and 
for earth, a stone bullet.
Conjurers had it easier since they didn’t have to directly form the element in their 
bodies, but just absorb the specific mana particles around them and use that to invoke 
the spell. Why Conjurers had specializations in different elements had to do with how 
well they were able to sense the specific elemental mana particles around them and 
utilize it.
I rest my head on my right hand as I watch both types of mages prepare for their spell.
The Augmenters in the class all begin concentrating with their dominant hand 
clenched into a fist. A few long seconds later, their spell became visible as the element 
they had their affinity in surrounded their fist. The time it took for the Augmenters 
varied but not by much.
The Conjurers in class all began softly chanting as the space in front of their palms 
began glowing different colors, depending on what element their spell was. 
Unsurprisingly, the time it took Feyrith and Kathyln to form the spell in front of his or 
her hand was much faster than everyone else’s.
The only difference between the Augmenters and Conjurers in their spell was that the 
element surrounded the Augmenter’s fist while the element was formed in front of the 
Conjurer’s palm.
“Now. Augmenters, I want you to try and shoot your spell in front of you, while 
Conjurers, I want you guys to try and absorb the spell you conjured into your hand.” I 
give them an innocent smile as they stare at me blankly.
“…” They realized that I wasn’t joking when I motioned for them to do it.
“HURGGH!” “HAH!” “Grrr…” “Urghhh” “Shoot!” “Fire!”
It was almost comical watching the Augmenters try and separate the element from 
their fists.
“Ouch!” “AHH!” “Kyaa!” “OUCH!” “FUCK!” “OWW!” “DAMMIT”
The Conjurers weren’t any better as all of them ended up getting cut, burned, wet or 
bruised. After about 15 minutes of struggling, most gave up and looked at me 
accusingly. Even Feyrith and Kathyln looked at me doubtfully.
“This is stupid. We all know that only high level Augmenters can cast long distance 
spells!” One of the Augmenter students cried.
“Yeah! And what’s the point in absorbing back a spell we prepared and conjured 
anyway?” The nerdy girl whined.
Leaving Sylvie on top of the podium, I hobble to the opposite side of the stage, away 
from the students.
Taking a brief moment to concentrate, I aim at the space between where the 
Augmenters were lined up and the Conjurers were lined up.
“Wind bullet.”
A stream of air shot out of my palm and bent the wall surrounding the stage into a 
small crater.
“…”
After getting over the initial surprise, one of the students just retorted. “Big deal… It’s 
strong but most can do that once they’ve reached the orange stage.”
“True. Since it seems like no one figured out why what I did was special, let me 
explain.” I raise my other arm and will a gust to form around my hand. I shoot the 
newly invoked wind bullet, but this time, as the wind bullet goes across the room, by 
the time it reaches the wall, only a soft ‘fwoosh’ sound is heard.
“THAT’S what most are able to do once they’ve reached the orange stage.” I give a slight 
wink, leaving them confused.
“I can’t accurately demonstrate what would happen when Conjurers are able to absorb 
the spells that they invoked, but trust me, it’ll only help you.”
I stagger back to the podium and grab Sylvie. “That’s it for today. Try and come up with 
the answer to the question and practice what I just told you to do. See you tomorrow.”
They won’t be able to produce results on that level anytime soon. I wasn’t aiming for 
that anyways. My hope is that, through this, both types of mages alike will be able to 
at least overcome one of their major weaknesses right now, while their bodies are still 
undeveloped and malleable.
I take a deep breath as I sit on a nearby bench outside. Realizing that I ended class a 
bit too early I noticed the campus was fairly peaceful with most students still in their 
classrooms. It’s been a while since I’ve felt this weak, but getting up and walking 
around definitely helped.
I sat idly, watching Sylvie chase after a butterfly through the grass lawn in front of me 
when I hear footsteps approaching my direction from the right.
“Is this seat taken?” I turn my head to see Princess Kathyln lean forward so her face 
was level with mine.
“No, go ahead.” I say as I slowly scootch a bit to my left to make room for her. As she 
carefully placed her handkerchief over the bench, she took a seat on top of it, 
straightening out her rumpled skirt. We sat there, silently, as both of us just watched 
Sylvie finally capturing the agile butterfly that was now struggling in her paws.
“I heard what happened from my brother… I’m sorry.” Her voice grew quiet at the end 
of her sentence.
I keep my eyes focused on Sylvie but I respond with a soft chuckle. “Haha, why are you 
saying sorry as well? Even if it was your brother’s fault, which it isn’t, he already 
apologized.”
“It’s just… I feel like my family owes you many apologies. For what happened with 
Sebastian and my Father as well. That time at the Auction house… he’s not usually like 
that but he was shocked as well at the turn of events and he needed to keep his image 
and…” For the first time, I witnessed Kathyln getting flustered as her usual composed 
face becomes flushed and her expression panicked as she tried to make me 
understand.
“Pfft! I think this is the first time I’ve seen an actual difference in your expression, 
Princess. It’s a nice change.” I snicker, as she blushes even brighter, covering her face 
and turning her body away from me.
“…Please, don’t mock me, Arthur. I didn’t expect you to be this type of person.” She said 
with her hands still covering her face.
“Oh? What kind of person did you expect me to be?” I tilt my head in curiosity.
“W-well, when I first met you at the Auction event, I noticed you held yourself with 
much maturity…” She murmured while her back was still facing me.
“You notice how people hold themselves when you were barely 8 years old?” Reading 
the posture of a person is something keen adults barely learn how to do later on with 
years of meeting many different kinds of people.
“Yes… being the only Princess of a kingdom, you end up acquiring that skill fairly 
quickly. Also, with both my father and brother being quite the character, I felt like my 
mother and I were the only normal ones at times.” By this time, Princess Kathyln 
turned back towards me after composing herself.
“Oh? I didn’t really find anything unusual about your brother. He seemed to be quite 
charismatic.” I remember meeting Curtis for the first time at the Auction house. 
Compared to then, he matured quite a bit.
“Yes, he’s gotten a lot better, seeing as he’s able to apologize to you. That would’ve 
been very hard for him a while back because of his pride.” She let out a sigh as the both 
of us spectated Sylvie’s little battle with another bug.
“When I first saw you, I noticed right away that you were very different from everyone 
else. How should I say this? I was very intrigued by you…” Her head lowered a bit as 
she continued speaking.
“Haha… is that right? I thought the opposite since your face had no reaction or change 
while being near me the whole time.” I let out a soft laugh in reminiscence, 
remembering the event that happened four years prior already.
“I apologize. I-I’m not the most proficient at using my facial muscles effectively.” I 
found it cute as she pushed her cheeks up and down with her fingers in an attempt to 
forcefully make different expressions.
“Tell me about it. I was beginning to think you were wearing a mask by how stiff your 
face was.” I feel her gaze on my face when I smile, making me feel a little awkward.
“…I will practice.” Princess Kathyln suddenly nods to herself as I spot her expression 
looked slightly more determined than usual.
“Pfft! I’m not sure if this is something you can practice. Just don’t force your emotions 
down and let your face move the way it wants to according to how you feel. When you 
feel sad, your face will naturally want to frown. When you’re happy, your face will 
naturally want to smile. Like this!” I over exaggerate the expressions on my face as I 
switch from an ugly frown to a bright smile.
Oops. Was I overdoing it?
KATHYLN GLAYDER’S POV:
I couldn’t show any weakness. As the only girl in the royal family besides my Mother, 
I had a duty to uphold. When males came to visit me, hoping to gain my favor, I 
wouldn’t show any weakness that they might use against me. That was my fight.
I couldn’t read minds, but it wasn’t hard to see that all of the males that came to me, 
both my age and ones a lot older, had ulterior motives. Royal lineage, superior ability, 
and physical appearance… the things that all people believe make their lives easier 
were shackles that robbed me of the freedom that I wished to have.
Yet, here I was, with a boy my age that is so much more talented and sought after, yet 
still so… bright. He shined with a brilliance that made me want to be like him. What 
made him so different from me? How was he still able to express his emotions freely 
without being afraid of what others will view him as?
I couldn’t control myself from letting out a laugh as Arthur contorted his face like that. 
He looked so silly.
*Giggles* I instantly cover my mouth, trying to hide the smile coming out.
“See! That wasn’t so hard!” His exaggerated smile turns gentle, comforting me.
“I should teach stuff like this instead of Mana Manipulation, right?” He lets out a pained 
laugh as he leans down to pet his bond that was now sitting down between his legs.
“That reminds me. The wind bullet spell that you used to demonstrate seemed almost 
like a Conjurer’s spell compared to the second one that you used. How exactly did you 
do it? I am also curious as to why you made the Conjurers try and absorb the spell 
back into their bodies. I have never heard of Conjurers doing that.” I went on like an 
excited child about the questions that filled my mind, making me embarrassed.
“Whoa! Is that why you came up to me? Is this what you were after?” He leans away 
from me, shocked.
“N-no! Of course not! That was never my intention!” Oh no! I wasn’t like the men that 
came after me with some motive. I just saw him sitting there and wanted to… why did 
I ask to sit next to him?
I realized my hand was slightly touching his arm so I pulled it back quickly.
“Heh, I was obviously joking, Princess. I’m not sure if I should tell you though. It 
wouldn’t be very fair of me to give you the advantage like that, right?” He gives me a 
little wink that makes my chest feel heavy all of a sudden. What was that?
“I-I guess you are right. It would be unfair to give me answers on the homework that 
you assigned.” I respond quietly.
“Mmm… well, I guess I can give a little pointer for a fellow Disciplinary Committee 
member. Watch now.” I look up to see him concentrate as he lifts both his hands, palms 
faced up.
His left hand began to glow as soft winds swirled, surrounding his hand. As for his 
right hand, only a small portion in the center of his palm glowed and the wind that 
gathered towards this hand didn’t surround his arm, but instead, swirled into a sphere 
just above his palm. With a brief flick of his wrists, he shoots out the small gusts of 
wind in both hands forward.
The wind that surrounded his left hand dissipated after a few meters but the spherical 
wind that he conjured with his right hand shot out several times farther before 
dissipating with a soft “pa”.
“There is your hint for the Augmenter’s homework. As for what I assigned the 
Conjurers, think backwards.” He gets up as I contemplated about what he just did.
“I should get going now. Let me know if you need more lessons on facial expressions.” 
He gives me an exaggerated scowl, then a perverted smile, making me almost laugh 
again.
“Aww… you didn’t laugh this time. Too bad.” He slowly walked off with his bond 
scampering next to him. I couldn’t help but feel a bit empty as I sat alone on the 
cramped bench that now seemed too big for just me to sit on.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Psst. I heard you got hurt on the first day of class. Are you okay?” Emily’s thick glasses 
shift down as she leans forward next to me, whispering in the middle of class. We were 
learning about the basic components that make up different types of artifacts.
“Fwoosh.” All of a sudden, a piece of chalk flew straight at Emily, disappearing 
somewhere in her curly hair.
Gideon gives a light cough as his hand still stretched out after throwing the chalk at 
her. “Miss Watsken, please enlighten the class on the various components in a basic 
light producing artifact.”
“The basic light producing artifact is made up of the basic foundation crystal, 
Florenite, found abundantly near the outskirts of Sapin and also in the kingdom of 
Darv. After Florenite is refined, it will constantly let out a dim light so in order to 
control the output of the ore…”
“Ok ok, that’s enough. Sheesh, I just asked for the material.” Gideon grumbles 
something under his breath as he cuts Emily mid explanation.
Giving a light shrug, she takes out some paper to write on while she makes futile 
attempts to scavenge the piece of chalk buried somewhere deep in her hair.
We exchanged notes for a bit, writing to each other about what happened. I tried 
skimming over the details but that didn’t really seem to work with her.
Eventually, because of the lack of details from my side, she wasn’t really able to piece 
anything together, leaving her frustrated and curious.
“Something seems off…” She eyed me as we left class after packing up our things. For 
homework, we were already assigned some sort of mini project where we had to 
assemble a light-producing artifact or LPA for short.
“You’re overthinking things, Emily. I’m more worried about the project that Gideon 
already assigned us. I’m so lost after missing the first week.” This was actually true. 
My critical thinking abilities and vague knowledge of technology from my past allowed 
me to make connections and understand better than most first years, but everyone 
was grumbling about how this class was one of their hardest. Leave it to that eccentric 
Gideon to teach a basic class as if it were several levels higher.
“Meh, I already have a couple LPAs I made lying around in my dorm anyway. Might as 
well put them to use.” She adjusts her oversized backpack and we head over to grab 
lunch.
“Wow… you could probably ace this class in your sleep.” I shake my head as I pick up 
a tray and grab some food.
“Kyu!” ‘Get more meat, Papa!’ Sylvie hops on top of my head in protest when I pick up 
some vegetables.
“Ok ok.” I go back and pick up a few more pieces of meat when Emily looks at me with 
a weird expression on her face.
“Can you understand what your bond is saying?” She lifts her glasses up in place as 
she looks up at Sylvie.
“Can’t all bonds?” I ask.
“No, not at all actually. They can understand their emotions to a certain extent but 
not… verbal cues.” Her eyes squint as she takes a closer look at Sylv.
Pushing her head back with my finger on her forehead, I respond. “That’s what I 
meant. I only feel my bond complaining and I just inferred that it was because I picked 
up vegetables. You’re overthinking things again, Emily.”
“Yeah I guess you’re right. She’s cute though.” She just shrugs and picks up more food 
for herself.
“Ah! There you are, Art! Director Goodsky wants… Oh, hello.” Elijah stops in his tracks 
as he realizes that I’m with a friend.
“Hey, Elijah. This is Emily. Emily, Elijah.” I say with my mouth half full with a piece of 
stewed beef.
“Nice to meet you! Emily smiles and sticks out the hand she wasn’t carrying her food 
tray with.
“A pleasure to meet you.” Elijah responds as he shakes her hand, a look of curiosity on 
his face.
“Anyways, Art. You need to… uh… head over to your training room. Director Goodsky, 
remember?” He gives me a look saying that it’s urgent.
“Oh… wait, now?” I look at my food.
“Yes. Now.” He gently pushes me towards the door while making me scarf down as 
much food as I can. Sylvie swept a big portion of the meat with her tongue as we placed 
the tray next to the trash bin.
“You two get acquainted! I’ll be leaving first!” I wave at my friends as they wave back.
I remember Director Goodsky telling me where my private training was while I was in 
the hospital room. Supposedly, the mana density was supposed to be a lot higher 
there, making it easier to train.
“I wonder what Director Goodsky wants. I should give her a mouthful about class 
today.” I say to no one in particular as Sylvie and I make our way towards the room.
All of the rooms were underneath the library where a staff member had to lead you to 
the rooms. Usually upperclassmen were allowed to borrow a room for a couple of 
hours to train in but I was lucky to have a private one all to myself.
There were two entrances in the library building; one to the actual library, the other 
to a sort of waiting room to all of the training facilities. Opening the entrance to the 
waiting room, I walk slowly past some upperclassmen before arriving at the front 
desk. “Hi, my name is Arthur Leywin.” I didn’t exactly know what Director Goodsky 
wanted so I hoped that the lady at the front desk would know what to do once I told 
her my name.
“Ah yes! Today is your first time visiting the room, correct?” The lady had a very refined 
suit, reminding me of a concierge at some fancy hotel.
“Yes.” I nod in response as she bends down and opens a drawer.
“Please place both your palms on this stone. Make sure all of the tips of your fingers 
are flat on it.” She holds out in both hands a flat tablet with various inscriptions etched 
onto it.
Doing as told, I feel a brief numbing sensation spread over my hands as she activates 
the tablet.
“Perfect! I’ll show you to your room. Please follow me.” Leading me to a room in the 
back where a scarred man about two meters tall held a spear guarded the door, the 
front desk lady ushered me forward.
The room that the scarred man guarded was actually some sort of elevator put 
together by various gears, which I assumed were powered by either mana cores or 
some other mana-producing ore.
“Wow. This is my first time riding in something like this.” I say in awe, reminiscing the 
last time I rode in an elevator.
“Fufu, yes. Not many of these exist yet. A genius artificer that is currently a professor 
here named Gideon built this device. I’m sure you’ve heard of him?” She says while 
admiring the elevator herself.
“More than heard of him. He’s actually one of my professors. With the way he teaches 
his class, I wish he wasn’t such a genius” I give her a wink making her giggle.
“Here we are! Make sure to remember how to get to your room. Since I’ve registered 
you to your room, you are allowed to come in any time you wish.” She says while 
guiding me through the halls.
“That scary scarred man won’t stop me?” I ask, pointing up with my sheathed sword.
“Hoho, no. He won’t stop you. Ah! We’ve arrived.” We reached the end of the hall where 
there was a large double door without any handles.
“This door seems different from all of the other ones.” I turn my head back as I 
compared.
“Yes. Director Goodsky seems to place quite a bit of precedence in your training.” She 
gave me a charming smile.
“Yet, she doesn’t even bother to tell my class who their new professor was.” I mutter 
under my breath.
“Excuse me?” The lady tilts her head in confusion.
“It’s nothing. So how do I open this?” I respond while Sylvie jumps off my head and 
excitedly hops in place in front of the double doors.
“If you place either of your palms against the door, it will open automatically. If you 
need any further assistance, there is a communication device inside where you can 
contact me. If you are hungry, I can also send someone over to bring you some food.” 
She bows while waiting for me to open the door.
“Thank you. What was your name?” I turn my head, my hand raised, as I was about to 
open the door.
“Please call me Chloe. I wish you a fruitful training session.” She says, her head still 
down.
“Got it. Thanks again Chloe.” I turn back and place my right hand on the double doors. 
With a loud engine-like noise, the area I place my palm glows as streams of light 
branch out. Eventually, the light dims and the door slides open to reveal a room very 
different from what I imagined.
I turn my head back but Chloe was already gone. Sylvie runs off before I can even take 
a step forward and as I look inside the room, the sudden brightness compared to the 
dim hall makes me squint. My vision soon adjusts and, as I lower my hand, my eyes 
spot a familiar figure, fidgeting in place as Sylvie scurries up her leg.
I don’t know if it was from the sparkling brightness inside the room or the fact that 
this room looked more like a huge natural wonder rather than a training facility but 
my childhood friend looked stunning. Tessia, who was cuddling her cheek against
Sylvie on her shoulder, was wearing a very loose, white training robe.
“H-hi.” Tessia says with her head lowered and eyes looking up at me.
I step forward as the door closes behind me. The floor underneath me was a field of 
grass and there was a rather big pond with a waterfall as well as huge boulders and 
trees, making me feel as if this was a dream. Snapping out of my momentary daze, I 
scratch my head with the hand that wasn’t holding Dawn’s Ballad.
“Hey, Tess.” I give her an awkward smile.
“S-should we get started?” Tessia puts Sylvie down on the ground before she shyly 
starts removing her robe.
“W-wait, what? Get started in what?” I almost trip backwards as I see her bare 
shoulders.
“The assimilation! Grandpa told me that it works better if you help me through bare 
skin!” Her face is bright red as I realize she had her breasts covered in some gauze.
Ah right… the assimilation…
Wait, what?
Freaking Gramps, what are you making your granddaughter do!
“Gramps told you that? Y-you don’t need to take off your clothes for the assimilation, 
stupid! He was messing with you!” I cover my eyes with my hand.
Calm down Arthur. She’s just a 13-year-old. Looking at her like this is a crime!
“S-shut up! How was I supposed to UGH…” Tess falls to her knees before she’s able to 
lift her robe again.
I run as fast as my injured body would let me as I put Dawn’s Ballad back into my 
dimension ring. Kneeling down next to her, I place my palm on her warm, pale back. 
Her robe was down, revealing everything the waist up with the exception of her breast 
and a portion of her back, which were covered by the gauze. As I feel her body tremble 
in pain, I couldn’t help but notice how frail her body looked. I guess because I knew 
how strong of a mage she was; I forgot that she was still just a girl, physically at least.
Taking off the seal on my wrist, I will mana into my childhood friend. Using all four 
elements, I control the mana to spread throughout her body, counteracting the mana 
coming from the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will. What Gramps did while I was 
assimilating was just easing my pain, but by using a balanced mixture of mana from 
all four elements, I was able to essentially help her body fight against the beast will.
I never tested this but it was based on the same principles I used to help awaken Lilia 
and my sister.
Her ragged breathing soon calmed down, her trembling gone as she was panting from 
the relief. As I gently lifted her robe over her frail body, I walked over to the pond and 
splashed my face with its cold water.
I needed to calm myself down.
After a few moments, I feel my heartbeat slowing down but react again when I hear 
Tess making her way to me, Sylvie trotting behind her.
Sitting down on her legs next to me, she stares at me, her flushed, tired face still 
sparkling, as if she wants to say something. After a moment of hesitation she speaks 
to me in a firm voice.
“Art, can we talk?”
“Art, can we talk?” As she resolved herself, the slight trembling in her voice disappeared.
“Yeah… it seems that there’s a third party at work here trying to make us talk 
anyways.” I sit back, leaning on my arms, my face dripping with the fresh water.
“About the k-kiss… Are you mad?” Tessia’s face was bright red, revealing how nervous 
she felt compared to her firm face.
“I’m not mad. I was surprised, but I’m not mad.” I would be lying if I said I didn’t notice 
that Tessia liked me since all the way back when I lived with her in Elenoir.
“…”
There was brief silence where I could tell Tessia was waiting for me to say something, 
except, right now; I didn’t know what to say.
If I had to choose between like and dislike, of course I liked Tessia, but what did that 
mean? Do I just go out with her? There’s also the fact that we were both young. I mean, 
it wasn’t unnatural for children, especially of royalty, to get married at the age of 13-
14 but it wasn’t exactly normal from where I came from.
Sigh… what’s the point in being so experienced in fighting and politics when I don’t 
even know where to start when it comes to something so basic like love.
“Arthur… you know what I’m waiting for, right?” She leans closer as her brow furrows. 
The intensity in which she was staring me made me uncomfortable but this issue 
wasn’t something I could keep pushing aside.
“Tess, we’ve known each other since we were four. The first time I saw you, you were 
getting kidnapped after you had a fight with your parents. The first thing you did when 
I saved you was crying your heart out. After we made our way back into your kingdom, 
I was fortunate enough to be able to stay in your castle, where your grandpa and 
eventually even your parents warmed up to me. Even now, your family and mine get 
along to the point of it being weird…” I take a deep breath before I try to continue.
“I don’t understand what you’re trying to say.” Tessia has an irritated look on her face 
as she puts one hand on top of mine.
“Tessia. We’re still so young. I mean, I’m only twelve and you’ve barely turned thirteen 
as well! I know that it’s not weird for a girl your age to get married since you are 
royalty, but I mean, I don’t have that background.” I realized I was stuttering a bit.
“Art. I know you well enough and right now, you’re just making excuses. You and I both 
know that what I meant wasn’t to get married right away. I-I just want things to 
progress. Even from the time we were back in Elenoir, you just treated me like I was a 
kid! It’s been almost 8 years since then, Art… I have a lot to learn but I don’t consider 
myself such a child anymore.” Her stern gaze turned soft as she was desperately trying 
to reason with me.
“Sigh… It’s because I’ve known you since we were both children that it’s harder for me 
to see you as anything more, at least right now, Tess. It hasn’t even been that long since 
we’ve met in quite a long time as well.” I can feel my argument coming out more and 
more as petty excuses.
She lets go of my hand and springs up. I look up to see her shaking, trying to hold back 
tears.
“So, you’re telling me that all of this time, you haven’t once thought of me as anything 
more than a childhood friend?” She softly mutters.
“…”
I didn’t know how to respond. I, of course, did try thinking of her as more than a friend, 
but it wasn’t just about that. Although I’ve spent 12 years in this body, I’ve spent over 
thirty years in my past body. I’ve visited the orphanage I grew up in multiple times 
and helped take care of kids that were Tess’s age.
“I see.” She whispers.
I guess she thought of my silence as my answer. Tessia spins back and stomps towards 
the door of the training facility.
“You know, Arthur. You’re so confident in so many things. Magic, fighting, using your 
brain. You’re so damn confident in everything you do because you’re good at them. 
But, you know what? There are things you’re not good at. You’re not good at 
confronting your feelings. You always put on a mask and pretend you’re happy or 
apathetic when you can’t handle a certain situation. I think in that sense, you’re a lot 
less mature than even the so called children you see in this academy. You’re just using 
your confidence in your strong suits to mask the insecurities you have in aspects you 
know you’re not good at!” Tears stream down Tessia’s eyes as she cries this last 
rebuttal.
As the door closes behind her, I’m left with an eerie silence that not even the sound of 
the waterfall could cover.
‘Papa’s a dummy… ’ Sylvie curls up a couple of meters away, turning away from me.
I sat in front of the pond, stunned by Tessia’s last words. I had to admit that in some 
ways, maybe Tess was more mature than I was. Even in my past life, aside from being 
a great fighter, I wasn’t that impressive of a man. I had the charisma and character to 
appeal to the mass but when it came to interpersonal relationships, I consider myself 
mediocre on a good day. I grew up avoiding long lasting relationships, seeing them as 
nothing more than a burden that would eventually be used against me. In order to be 
the best, I had to have no weaknesses, and having a lover would eventually lead to my 
demise.
I’ve come to realize this even more since coming into this world. Having family that I 
would happily die for makes me think of how truly weak I am. If someone were to 
kidnap any one of my family members, no matter how strong I personally was, 
wouldn’t I just be at their beck and call?
The thought of having a lover, someone I could call my other half, was a wonderful 
thing, but it was also something that truly scared me.
After putting back the bracelet that sealed my fire and water elemental attributes, I 
made my way back to the surface and headed towards my next class. How was I 
supposed to face Tessia in my Team Fighting Mechanics class? Even Sylvie was pouting 
on top of my head because I made Tess angry.
“Good to have you back, Art.” Claire ran next to me, giving me a firm slap on the back.
“Are you feeling a bit better?” Curtis also catches up to us, Grawder following behind 
him.
“I’ll probably have to sit out for a couple more classes, but I’m okay.” Giving him a weak 
smile, we arrived at the field.
“Good to see you walking, Mr. Leywin!” Professor Glory beams when she sees the three 
of us arrive but when she was about to walk over to us, I feel a killing intent radiating 
next to her.
Lucas had a harsh look on his face as he took big, confident strides towards Curtis, 
Claire and I.
My gaze matches his and neither of us looks away as he approaches me. Gripping my 
shirt up by the collar, he pulls me close to his face.
“I think we need a rematch.” His pretty blond face was a sight to behold as he scowled, 
my face only a few centimeters away from his.
Gripping the wrist of his hand that was holding onto my collar, I reply, my face stone 
cold and eyes deadlocked to his.
“This is a pretty rude way to ask for something.” I grip hard enough to make his hand 
lose strength, but I don’t stop there. Willing mana around me, I surround the both of 
us in a gale, making his knees give out.
Grimacing in pain, Lucas mumbles something inaudibly and soon has orange flames 
conjured in his free palm, ready to fire at me.
“That’s enough!” Professor Glory roars as she gets in the way of the two of us using 
her sheathed sword.
“Arthur, go rest in the viewing platform. You’re not to take part in any activities in this 
class until you’re fully healed, Director Goodsky’s orders. As for you Lucas, you need 
to calm down. Whether you want to settle your petty grudge with a fight or with a hug, 
do it after Arthur is fully healed. Now is not the time.” She lets out a sigh as she pushes 
me softly towards the viewing platform. After walking for half a day, I didn’t need my 
sword to lean on but I couldn’t walk at a normal pace either.
Looking around, I try to find Tessia but she wasn’t here. “Professor Glory, where’s 
Princess Tessia?”
“She stopped by not too long before you came saying she wasn’t feeling well. She said 
she would make up class somehow but she seemed off so Clive took her back to her 
dorm. Why? Do you know anything?” Professor Glory leans down and looks at my face.
Shaking my head, I start thinking about what I should do.
“You can get up to the viewing platform without starting another fight, right? Just rest 
up for a couple more days.” She places a gentle hand on my shoulder before running 
back off towards where the rest of the class was.
I watched the class split up into different teams and get in various formations for 
different circumstances. In scenarios like sieging, Conjurers play a crucial role so 
Augmenters get into a much more defensive position, focusing solely on protecting the 
damage dealers. In scenarios where guerilla fights are necessary, only one or two 
Augmenters stay close to the Conjurer as the rest go off on their own.
The class was only a week in so it was very basic. Butt still, Professor Glory was 
teaching the class pretty well, with everyone really into the class and having fun, but I 
just couldn’t stay focused, thinking only about how I screwed things up.
My next class was the class I was actually looking forward to the most, Deviant Magic 
Theory. Unfortunately, our professor, Professor Drywell placed upmost importance 
covering the basics first, so even after a week has passed, she was barely covering the 
basics of Deviant Magic.
“Whenever Deviant Magic is involved, there is a much bigger stress on the price of 
your magic. Why do you think that is? It’s because Deviant Magic, like its name, is 
deviant from the natural elemental mana pool that is evident in our world. The mana 
that surrounds us is made up of only fire, wind, earth and water mana. Deviant magic 
that comes from the higher form of these four elements have a much greater cost, as I 
would like to say, compared to the four original elements because there is no such 
thing as Lightning, Plant, Gravity, Metal, Magma, Sound, or Ice mana surrounding us 
in the atmosphere. In order to produce these phenomena in our spells, the mage must 
be able to directly alter their parent element and manipulate it into its deviant form.” 
Professor Drywell chattered on and on. She was a very aged lady and although she had 
the image of a nice quiet grandmother, she never stopped talking.
“Professor! But Gravity, Lightning, Metal, Magma, Sound, and Ice all exist naturally in 
our world as well. Why doesn’t our world produce these types of mana then?” A girl 
that looked about 17 asked the professor.
“Good question, young one! Honestly, no one knows for sure why that is! Many magic 
theorists believe that because a certain set of conditions must be met for those deviant 
elements to occur, mana directly correlated to them does not exist. Then there is the 
always the exceptions such as fire, where certain it does not just spontaneously 
without cause. Perhaps that is why most mages believe fire to be the highest form of 
normal magic, because it is so close to being a deviant magic itself.” She explains while 
pacing around the lecture hall.
“Deviation magic that strays even further from the four main elemental mana in our 
world comes at even a greater cost. All of you know what Emitters are. They are 
healers, essentially. The mana that they utilize does not fall under the category of 
water, earth, fire, or wind. Instead, I would dare say that there exists a holy element, 
or light element to be more accurate. Emitters gain little benefit from absorbing mana 
from the atmosphere because there is no light elemental mana within our world. 
Instead, they work to condense and purify the mana that forms in their mana core so 
that even when less mana is used, there is still a substantial effect in their spells.” I can 
tell Professor Drywell was running out of breath because her voice was getting higher.
After she finished her lesson for today, we had a short Q&A session but no one really 
had any questions to ask because we were afraid that class would never finish. 
Eventually Professor Drywell let us go and I trudged on to my last class, which was 
Spell Formations I.
Most of the students in this class were Conjurers but some of the smarter Augmenters 
knew that they could gain benefits in their skills by taking this class. Our teacher, 
Professor Mayner, was a scholarly-looking man with a monocle and mid split hair. His 
mustache was well trimmed and over his suit, he wore a white gown.
“Welcome students. I was notified by Director Goodsky that a student named Arthur 
Leywin will begin joining us for class, am I correct?” He looked around, his monocle 
catching the glare from the light in the classroom.
“Yes, I’m Arthur Leywin, please guide me well.” I give a small bow as he nods in 
approval.
“Very well! You did not miss anything too important Mr. Leywin. We were going over 
the different types of spell formations, from individual spell incantations to group 
spell formations. Care to tell us what you know about spell formations?” He adjusts 
his monocle as he walks towards me, his back never bending.
“To my knowledge, spell formations are the conjoining and/or altering of basic spells 
and skills in order produce a different phenomenon, whether that be to the user 
himself, or the specific point in space the spell was invoked.” I answer.
“A most solid answer indeed, Mr. Leywin. Very good!” He clapped his hands once 
before he went back to the front of the class where he began lesson.
“I would first like you all to imagine a scenario. Imagine a world where everyone could 
read everyone’s mind. The fleeting thoughts that can make even the purest man seem 
perverse or the nicest woman seem cruel are all laid out in the open for others to read. 
I believe that that world would house the best mages ever known.” He leaves all 
confused with this story.
“Moving on… why do Conjurers and even Augmenters chant spells? It is not the words 
that invoke the spell or technique. Instead, the words influence the caster’s 
consciousness, filling his mind with the correct ‘suggestion’ if you will that molds the 
mana into the desired spell.” The sound of everyone furiously scribbling in their 
notebooks fills the room.
Professor Mayner was a great speaker and he made the class engaged with the 
material he was teaching.
“To give a rather humorous example, if I were to say to a girl that liked me, ‘I have 
always loved you,’ the girl I said this to, you can bet that there will be some sort of 
reaction. The ‘incantation’, which was ‘I have always loved you’ triggers the response 
or the ‘spell’ from her, whether that is blushing, crying, a smile, etc.” The class roared 
with laughter at the metaphor, but I couldn’t help but wince.
“All in all, if the caster can control his consciousness to mold the mana into his desired 
spell, then incantations can be greatly shortened or they might not even need it at all! 
The reason Augmenters don’t need to focus so much on chanting is because the spells 
they use almost always directly involves them using their own body. Conjurers, on the 
other hand, have to cast much more precise and complicated spells, which require 
these incantations so that their spells don’t become totally different with a switch of a 
thought. That is why I said that if there was a world where everyone could read each 
other’s minds, that world would also have the greatest of magicians. Why? Because 
they would have absolute control over their thoughts.”
The class went on and while the Professor was a great lecturer, I wasn’t able to focus 
as my mind kept shifting back to Tessia and what she said before leaving.
Hiding my insecurities with my confidence…
Was that what I was doing? Am I using the fact that I was a lot better at magic than 
everyone else as an excuse to avoid confronting what I was actually bad at?
I was being a hypocrite. I was going on about how I shouldn’t see Tessia as anything 
more than a child but I was actually the one that needed to grow up. Getting stronger 
in my strong points couldn’t fill in my weak points, it just made them that much more 
apparent in comparison.
Tess is young. She’s also innocent, but that didn’t mean she was ignorant. Maybe I was 
the ignorant one.
“Class is over! Have a great night, students. I shall see you all tomorrow!”
Even as I was walking back to my dorm, my mind was all over the place, almost 
tripping over myself various times.
Fuck.
I changed directions to where the student council dorms were. Running as fast as my 
body would let me, I arrived at the building that was much fancier than my dorm hall 
was.
I’m here. How do I meet Tess? It’s not like I could just shout out and call for her…
‘Papa, Mama is over there.’ Sylvie points east with her paw and without questioning, I 
run in that direction.
“I’m telling you, I’m okay! Please, just let this go, Clive.” I hear Tessia’s voice in the 
courtyard near the fountain.
“No! How dare that brat, Arthur make you cry. I knew he would only cause trouble! 
His poor upbringing is definitely the cause. I can’t imagine why Director Goodsky even 
allowed that peasant in this prestigious academy, and as a Disciplinary Committee, no 
less!” I vaguely make out Clive’s thin frame as he was holding onto Tessia by her wrist.
Clive notices me approaching and his face contorts into a scowl. “What the hell do you 
think you’re doing here? You dare try and meet Princess Tessia after you’ve made her 
this unwell? If it were up to me, I’d kill you right now!”
Ignoring the thin, stern-looking Vice-President, I look at Tessia who turns away. “Tess, 
can I have some of your time?”
“You’re ignoring me?!” Clive roars as he lets go of Tessia’s wrist and grabs onto my 
shoulder, when I turn and face him.
“Piss off.” I couldn’t hold in the amount of irritation I felt from this brat and my 
situation with Tess wasn’t making it any better. Letting out a bit too much killing intent 
I force Clive to jump back where he trips over himself and falls on his back.
“Y-YOU! Wh-what…” Too flustered, Clive was unable to produce anything more 
coherent as my gaze never left him.
“Stop. It’s not worth causing a scene over.” Tessia gets in between Clive and I and takes 
my hand, leading me out of the courtyard.
As I try to keep up with Tessia’s quick steps, I almost trip, my injured body still unable 
to do anything more than walking.
“H-hold on Tess, we’re going too fast. I’m still hurt.” I say in between breaths.
“Oh, I’m so sorry.” Tessia looks back and I can tell she was trying her best to look angry.
We were in an alley between the Director’s office and the Student Council’s Dorm 
when we stopped. As Tess lets go of my hand, she takes a step back and waits for me 
to catch my breath.
“Well? What do you want?” Tess turns her head away as she pouts.
“…”
“Tess. What you said about me, you were right. I’m now realizing that this whole time, 
I’ve been avoiding confronting you about your feelings. I was afraid. Magic and fighting 
is so much simpler, you know? The more you train, the better you get and the better 
outcome you see. Love… love doesn’t work that way.” I look at Tess but her expression 
doesn’t change.
“I was making excuses when I said that we were too young. I’m sorry. I do like you, 
Tess. I really do. I missed you when I got back home. I thought of you often and 
wondered what you were doing at the moment. The things I said earlier, they probably 
hurt your feelings a lot, right?” I scratch my head as Sylvie jumps off and goes on top 
of Tessia.
“…”
“Yes, and I’m still mad you know.” Her face was still turned but I caught her taking a 
quick glance at my face as her arms were still crossed.
“I’m sorry for making excuses, but can I ask you to be patient with me? I’m really no 
good at this, and in this aspect, I’m probably a lot less mature than you are. Can you 
wait for me to catch up?” I take a step forward and move my head to try and get her to 
look at me.
“Tch… So you say, but I bet you’re just going to find some other girl in the meantime.” 
She retorts while avoiding my gaze.
“I won’t do that. I promise.”
“How do you know? How am I supposed to trust that you’re not going to go and fall 
for someone else if I give you more time? You don’t understand, Art. I may not seem 
like it but I’m really selfish. I don’t want to share you. I want you all to myself!” She 
whips her head to me, her eyes filled with tears.
“What if you…”
My childhood friend instantly stops talking as my lips cover hers. It felt different this 
time compared to when she kissed me. Maybe it was because I was the one that 
initiated it, but it was a lot more delicate. I felt her trembling lips tense in surprise at 
first but then loosen in content as the side of my nose gently touched hers.
Letting go of her waist, I distance myself from her as I feel my face becoming hot.
“This is about the limit of what I can do. Like I said… I hope you can wait for me just a 
bit longer. I promise I won’t run off.” I say while looking down. This was the first time 
in both lives where I initiated a kiss, and I sure in hell wasn’t confident if I did the right 
thing or not.
“…”
I take a peek up at Tess’s face and see her with a glossy look in her eyes as her middle 
and index fingers were against her lips.
“Tess?”
“Fine, just don’t make me wait too long or I’ll be the one to run off.” She snaps out of 
her daze and takes a step towards me, putting on an angry face.
“Deal.” I smile in relief from finally sorting things out with Tess when she suddenly 
lifts her head up and pecks me on my cheek.
“??”
Taken by surprise, I didn’t know what to say.
“That was for saving me in class last week.” She lets out a soft giggle; her eyes still red 
from crying. Without giving me a chance to respond, she runs off into the dorm 
building, leaving Sylvie and me alone in the alley.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Arriving at my room, I jumped into bed, my hands covering my burning face.
“EEK!” I couldn’t help out soft shrieks of delight as I roll back and forth across my 
sheets.
“Hehehehehe…” Oh no. I was laughing like a pervert.
But… but Art finally kissed me. He kissed me!
“Heehee…” Not being able to calm down, I wrap myself in my blanket as I roll around. 
The image of him leaning forward to kiss me fills my head, forcing my lips to curl 
upwards. It felt different from when I kissed him. I couldn’t quite explain it but it was 
definitely a better feeling.
“I could get used to this…” I accidentally mutter aloud as I softly rub my lips.
And when he put his arm around my waist and pulled me in to kiss me…”Kyaa!” I roll 
across my bed again in embarrassment as I feel shivers across my body.
I begin to imagine what our marriage will be like. I want it to be super pretty. I wonder 
how our kids will look like? Arthur is good looking and I’m not ugly either. It should 
be fine, right? But in order to get kids, we need to…
I can almost feel steam coming out my ears as I imagine it. I mean, I learned about how 
babies are born from my home tutor but…
Nonononono it’s too early! And besides… Arthur wanted me to give him some time. I 
wonder what he meant by that? Did he mean we were going to act like tonight never 
happened?
I don’t want that!
But am I allowed to get mad at him for that? Am I being too hard on him? I know he 
has my best interest at heart but I can’t be so wishy-washy about this, right?
Grr… What if another girl really does end up liking him too and he chooses her? I’m 
just a violent, spoiled girl after all; why would he choose me?
The more I thought it, the more disheartened I became. It’s okay Tess. We’re both still 
really young. Even if it does take time, I’m sure it’ll work out eventually, right?
Gah! Stop discouraging yourself and let’s just sleep, Tess!
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I've been getting used to having Sylvie waking me up. Usually a loud mental shout is 
enough to wake me up but today, I was woken up by a sharp bite to my nose.
"Kyu!" I groan as I wake up, rubbing my red nose as Sylvie goes back to sleep after 
doing her job. Sylvie seems to be a lot more active at night as she takes frequent naps 
throughout the day.
After washing up, I watch Elijah breath loudly in his sleep while I have to wake up this 
early. We can't have that now, can we?
“Good morning!” I slap my sleeping roommate on the butt.
“AHH! What? Huh?! What’s going on?” Apparently, the sudden impact on his bottom 
made him panic, because he got into a defensive position with his right hand straight 
out, ready to fire at his attacker.
“Nothing! Just said good morning.” I shrug, strapping on the knife to my Disciplinary 
Committee uniform.
“Ugh… I have another two hours before class starts. You woke me up just to say good 
morning?” Elijah groans as he wraps himself with his blanket into a makeshift cocoon.
“Yup! I’m off to my first Disciplinary Committee meeting!” I take one last look to make 
sure I wasn’t forgetting anything when Elijah pops his head out from underneath his 
blanket.
“Did something good happen? You’re a little bit too happy. It’s unsettling.” Whether it 
was because he was studying me or just trying to focus his vision on me since he 
wasn’t wearing his glasses, Elijah squinted his slightly puffy eyes at me.
“You’re just imagining things, Elijah… haha.” I quickly put on my boots and make my 
way towards the door.
“Suspicious…”He mumbles before he succumbs to his sleep-deprived body, going back 
to sleep.
Making sure no one was around, I jump off the building and use wind augmentation 
to cushion my landing. Sylvie just floated down, which looked really silly to me with 
her oversized ears flopping against the wind.
Landing on top of my head with a soft ‘plop’, I took some time to test my body out with 
some stretches. I can’t say I was in great condition, but the improvement since 
yesterday made me nod in satisfaction. It’s times like these that I really feel the effects 
of going through the assimilation of Sylvia’s Dragon Will.
Which reminds me… I’ll have to help Tess with her assimilation. How was I supposed 
to act around her anyways? I can’t believe I kissed her yesterday.
Thinking back, I realized that even in my past life, I’ve never gotten past the point of 
kissing and it was always the other party that initiated. I never had an interest in 
falling in love. Rather, I feared love. Even the aspect of unattached sexual relationships, 
I avoided because I feared that the start of a physical relationship could lead to 
emotional attachments. I secluded myself in training aside from public appearances 
and fights, making sure I didn’t have anyone I held in importance, anyone that could 
be used as a tool against me.
What I’ve learned most from this world wasn’t the magic or the fighting. No, what I’ve 
realized is that this life has forced me to open up my calloused heart and allow people 
to hold significance to me. What this also meant was that I had to be stronger than my 
past self since I had people to protect this time.
Lost in my thoughts, I almost passed by the Disciplinary Committee room. The DC had 
access to one of the bigger rooms in the academy so that it can double as a training 
room as well. I was a bit late since I woke up a little later than I expected but it wasn’t 
too loud so I hoped I wasn’t the last one.
“THUD!”
As I open the door, Curtis flew and crashed into the wall next to me.
“Still too weak!” I see Theodore Maxwell’s face turn disappointed as his right fist was 
raised.
“Ah, Arthur! You’re here!” Claire Bladeheart, who was spectating the dual from the 
side, waves her hands.
“Ugh… I can’t believe I still can’t land even a single hit against you, Theodore. Oh, hey 
Arthur.” Curtis turns his head towards me while rubbing his back.
“Do you need help?” I put out my hand while Sylvie wags her tail but Curtis just shakes 
his head.
“No, I’m okay. Besides, the dual isn’t over yet.” Curtis grimaces as he gets back up to 
his feet and picks up his sword.
Taking a seat next Claire on one of the couches, I watch as the dual between Curtis and 
Theodore resumes.
“HAH!” Curtis charges forward after augmenting his sword in a blazing fire but just as 
he’s about to get into Theodore’s range, Curtis sidesteps instantly leaving a charred 
footstep behind before appearing to Theodore’s right.
Theodore’s reaction is almost immediate as he lifts his brawny right arm in an 
uncanny speed.
“Fall!” Curtis’ assault fails as he crumbles to his knees, his sword landing heavily on 
the ground in front of Theodore.
Theodore has a smirk on his face but it soon turns serious as he realizes Curtis’ plan.
“Explode!” Curtis shouts in a strained voice.
The sword that wasn’t burning but glowing in a dim red light shined brighter until 
flames exploded in all directions.
Claire focused on the smoke, assuming both the sword and Theodore was covered 
inside, but I tapped her shoulder and gestured her to look up.
Theodore was in the air with his arms a bit burned and steaming but otherwise 
unharmed. Using gravity magic on himself, Theodore was slowly floating down as he 
concentrated on his next spell.
Curtis was back up on his feet with his sword in hand, also preparing a spell using his 
sword. I notice Grawder restlessly swinging his tail from the other side of the room.
“All right! I think it’s time to stop!” Claire stands up and claps her hand but it didn’t 
seem like either one of them heard her even speak.
“Sigh… Kai, care to help me?” Claire glances back at the narrow-eyed, smiling man.
“Got it, Boss.” Kai’s sleeves covered his arms so I didn’t know what exactly he had 
hidden but with a swing of his arms, thin metal strings shot out towards Theodore and 
Curtis, forming a makeshift metal fence between them.
Augmenting my eyes, I can’t make out any specific elemental attribute in his skill, 
making me wonder what exactly it was that he did.
Both Curtis and Theodore stop their spells and turn their heads towards Kai in 
confusion.
“Boss’ orders. Let’s stop the duel now, shall we gentlemen?” Kai’s smiling face remains 
unchanged as he retracts the numerous strings back into his sleeves.
“What did Kai do just there?” I ask Claire who was shaking her head at Curtis and 
Theodore.
“No one really knows. He keeps it a secret and from what I can tell, there isn’t any 
specific elemental attribute in his mana whenever he uses his skills.” She responds 
while shrugging.
“Have you taken an interest in me, Arthur?” Kai comes behind me as he leans his head 
forward past my shoulder so his smiling face is right next to my face.
“Hardly. Just a bit curious as to what you just did there. It didn’t seem like you were 
manipulating metal, or use sound to control the metal strings.” I respond while 
pushing his face away from mine.
“So cold. I’d tell you but unfortunately, if I did, I’d have to kill you.” He says 
nonchalantly, making me lift a brow.
Was that a challenge?
Noticing that the conversation was taking the turn for the worse, Claire butts in.
“Looks like we’re still missing quite a few people! Feyrith, Kathyln and Doradrea still 
aren’t here… AH there they are!” She says while pushing the both of us towards the 
door.
Feyrith was having a little quarrel with Doradrea about something while Kathyln came 
in behind them. I raised my hand to wave at Kathyln but as soon as our eyes made 
contact, she immediately turned her head away before walking off in another 
direction.
“Ah Arthur, my rival! Have you healed? I believe we still need to duel but I think it 
would be better to hold that off until after I finish working on a spell I’ve been 
practicing! It’s not because I’m scared to lose to you or anything. Just giving you more 
time to recover… haha. Aren’t I generous?” Feyrith comes besides me putting his arm 
on my shoulder but refuses to look me in the eyes while making excuses.
“Now that everyone is here, I’d like you all to come sit down so we can start the 
meeting.” Claire ushers us towards the round table on the second floor.
The room consisted of two levels. The lower level was just a wide area with all sorts 
of equipment and also an arena for practice matches. To the side where the equipment 
was a flight of stairs that led to a second floor balcony that overlooked the lower level. 
On the second floor were a chalkboard, some cabinets and a big, oval table with exactly 
8 seats.
Claire sat at the very end of the table with the chalkboard behind her while Kai and 
Theodore sat to her right and left. I didn’t really know if there was an assigned seating 
arrangement so I stayed standing, waiting for everyone else to sit down first. On Kai’s 
side sat Curtis and Feyrith while on Theodore’s side sat Doradrea and Kathyln. The 
only seat available was directly opposite of Claire’s seat so I just took my seat there 
and waited for the meeting to commence, my drowsiness from being up so early 
slowly overtaking my body.
I glanced over at Sylvie who hopped off my head and began playing with Grawder until 
our leader began talking.
“This is the first meeting with everyone present, as well as the first day where we will 
actively start duty.” Claire announces in a serious voice.
“Although this is the first year that this Committee has existed, I’ve been working with 
Director Goodsky and our Student Council President on how we should efficiently 
structure and run the Disciplinary Committee in order to create an environment in 
this academy that will not tolerate bullying, dissented duels as well as intruders. For 
that, we decided to split the Disciplinary Committee into two teams. These two teams 
are separated by underclassmen and upperclassmen. The upperclassmen, which 
includes Theodore, Curtis, Kai and myself will split into pairs and watch over the 
campus in the morning since we don’t have classes. The underclassmen: Kathyln, 
Feyrith, Doradrea and Arthur, will also split into two teams and go around campus 
during the afternoon while the upperclassmen have classes.” Claire writes all of our 
names on the board in the teams she has already decided on.
Before I fully raise my hand, Claire already knows what I’m about to say and interjects.
“Since Arthur is taking both upper division and lower division classes, he will be 
waived from that duty. However, he is to be on standby at all times in case backup is 
needed. Also, I’ve gotten permission from Director Goodsky to allow you to be 10
minutes late to classes, so just take your time between classes and be on the lookout 
for any troubles.” She smiles in satisfaction as my hand goes down.
“This being said, I’ve already discussed the matter of who will be scouting the campus 
alone between the underclassmen and Kathyln has volunteered to take on this task. 
Kathyln, remember that even though the upperclassmen are in class we will still help 
you. You are a part of the Disciplinary Committee so if you’re caught in a situation 
where you’re not confident in being able to handle it yourself, call for help.” She turns 
her gaze to Kathyln while saying this. Our Princess just nods while Curtis has a slight 
look of concern on his face.
“How are we going to communicate with each other?” Feyrith raises his hand while 
talking.
“We haven’t told you guys yet but if you imagine of any of the members in the 
Disciplinary Committee while placing your hand on the insignia on the sheath of your 
knife, the recipient’s knife will emit a bright light and a soft shock, notifying them who 
is in trouble. Each of the Disciplinary Committee members’ knife has a distinct color 
so remember them well.” While Claire announces this, she begins writing the different 
colors that our DC knife will glow in depending on who asked for help.
Claire – Pink
Kai – Silver
Theodore – Yellow
Feyrith – Green
Doradrea – Dark Red
Curtis – Red
Kathyln – Blue
Arthur – Black
I wondered how a black light would look while she wrote down what color the DC 
member’s knife would glow in if I called for him or her but everyone else’s colors were 
pretty self-explanatory and corresponded with their elements for the most part. It 
seemed like Feyrith got the green color because of him being an elf. I wonder if that 
can be considered racist.
“The last matter of business is surveillance at night. I know that this might be a bit too 
much for one person so we’ll be taking turns in pairs with this task.” Our leader looks 
around for anyone in case there are disagreements to this.
“Can I volunteer to take over my sister’s shift as well? Call me overprotective but I’m 
not comfortable knowing Kathyln might be in danger while I’m fast asleep.” Curtis 
speaks up while scratching his head but looks at me specifically.
“Are you sure you can handle that, Curtis? It’s going to be tough doing two people’s 
shifts at night.” Claire looks at him with a concerned look on her face.
I look over at Kathyln and I can sort of tell that she wants to interject but keeps silent.
“Kathyln is my partner for night duties, right? I can do it by myself.” I speak up, 
knowing the real reason Curtis wanted to take over his shift. I can sort of understand 
from his perspective being an older brother myself.
“You don’t have to…” Kathyln stands up and speaks but I could tell she was conflicted 
and couldn’t find the words to say after.
“Hmm… well, since Kathyln is scouting by herself during the afternoon, I think this 
would be fair. Okay, I’ll allow it, but Arthur, Kathyln, I can already tell you two are the 
type to try and handle things on your own but I’m requesting as the leader that you to 
call for help immediately as soon as you think you need it.” She leans forward on the 
table as she states her conditions in a firm voice.
Kathyln stares at me but I just look at Claire and respond with a nod, closing this 
subject.
“Okay, since all of the technical matters are settled, you guys are free to leave or stay 
here and practice until classes start. The room will always be open for DC members so 
think of this as a second house! I’ve already camped here for a couple of nights haha!” 
Claire scratches the back of her head in embarrassment.
I let out a deep breath in relief. Looks like I can have a little less than an hour of sleep 
before my first class starts. There were a couple of couches that looked perfect for a 
powernap on the lower floor.
Curtis gives me meaningful pat on my back before he goes down but as I walk down 
behind him, I feel a tugging on my pant waist from behind.
“Let’s spar for a bit, pretty boy! I’ve sparred with everyone else here but you.” 
Doradrea gives me an excited grin as she drags me from behind onto the area 
designated as the sparring arena.
“I’m still not fully healed Doradrea, I don’t think this is the best idea.” I groan as I’m 
dragged helplessly.
“Stop being a baby! The best way to get rid of that soreness is to move around, don’t 
you know?” She lets me go and walks over to the other side of the arena.
Claire comes towards us and looks at me. She was about to stop the spar when 
Theodore walks past her and goes towards where Doradrea was stretching.
“Move it.” He growls.
“Aww… no fair.” Doradrea grumbles as she slumps her shoulders, disappointed.
Great. A muscular male replaces my muscular female opponent.
Claire just sighs in defeat. “All right but Arthur is injured so this will only go on for a 
minute. Let me activate the barrier this time so we don’t have any more cracked walls.” 
She looks at Curtis who just chuckles.
Sylvie, who was riding on top of Grawder, asks if I’ll be okay so I just nod in response.
I may be injured but I was excited since I’ve wanted to duel against Theodore as well. 
I figure fighting against deviants might help me learn a thing or two from them.
“Anything you want to say before we start?” Theodore barks while he cracks his neck.
“Sure. Can I call you Theo if I win? It’s only fair for me to give you a nickname since 
you already gave me one, right?” I give him a smirk while I stretch my still aching body.
I can literally see veins popping on his head, as everyone’s expression turns surprised.
I wonder why everyone’s that shocked. Come on… Theo isn’t nearly as bad as being 
called twerp.
“You sure are full of yourself, twerp. Fine, but if I win, you’re going to be my little 
minion for the rest of your school life.” He has a confident smile on his face as the rest 
of the DC members all got situated around the arena.
“Remember, this duel will last one minute or until someone lands the first. That’s 
final!” Claire barks as she unsheathes her sword and stabs it in the ground.
The both of us nod in consent and Claire signals for the duel to begin.
As Theodore charges towards me, I augment my body using wind attribute mana to 
skirt around the arena, keeping my distance. Theodore’s gravity magic wasn’t 
something to take light of since his powers have simultaneous offensive and defensive 
powers.
It usually takes a bit longer to use earth magic while also using wind magic. I will 
shards of earth the size of my leg and kick a couple of them towards Theodore while I 
kick the rest further and further away from him. I needed to gauge how far he can use 
his gravity manipulation and how much stronger it was.
Theodore didn’t really get what I was doing as he kept charging at me, growing more 
and more frustrated from me running away and kicking rocks at him.
“Do you think I’ll let you keep running around?” He roars as the rocks that I kicked 
towards him all started floating.
Theodore kicks off and while the decrease in gravity around him increases his speed 
tremendously. He fell for it a lot faster than I thought he would.
I will the earth around me one last time while jumping backwards and send a boulder 
the size of my body flying directly at him a kick. Theodore smacks the rock up easily 
with the decreased gravity but in that moment where his vision was blocked, I dashed 
directly towards him.
Draft Step was a foot technique that was inspired from the Flicker Step, the dash skill 
using fire magic. Draft Step allowed me to either suddenly accelerate or change 
direction using a force of wind directly against my foot to use as a sort of platform. I 
couldn’t use this spell if I was moving too fast but with practice, I hope to be able to 
instantaneously change directions freely, even in the air.
Theodore’s annoyed expression changes to surprise when he realized I was almost in 
arm’s length of him with my right fist surrounded by a condensed sphere of wind.
“Fall!” He snarls as he clenches his right hand into a fist as well.
The sudden change in gravity knocks the wind out of me as I stumble a bit forward to 
regain balance.
With a victorious grin on his wild, unshaven face, he takes one last step to get in range 
to punch me when I shoot him a smirk and point upwards with my finger in response.
“BOOM!”
The boulder that Theodore knocked up fell directly on top of him from the abrupt 
change in gravity. The weight of the rock from the increased gravity flattened 
Theodore flat on his stomach in an almost comical position.
“STOP!”
Claire gets in between the two of us and checks up on Theodore, who already regained 
consciousness and removed the rock on top of him. He would probably get a big bruise 
on his back but his mana-enhanced body allowed him to avoid any serious injury. The 
rock wasn’t too big after all.
“Good duel, Theo.” I squat down and pat him on the shoulders before bouncing out of 
the room with Sylvie trotting behind me.
‘Let’s go find a bench to take a nap on.’ I say to Sylvie.
“Kyu!”
“Did you guys do your homework?” I sat down on top of the podium so I could get a 
better view of the class while I fixed my hair.
I slept through most of my Fundamentals of Mana Manipulation class so I feel a lot 
better. As I look around from the center of the stage, I see my students looking at each 
other in hopes that they have the answer to the questions I asked them yesterday.
“Looks like there’s no choice but for me to answer the question.” Feyrith finally sighs 
before standing up.
“The mana core is an excellent way to easily and accurately measure the level of the 
mage’s power because it is correlated to how much effort and time that mage has 
spent on condensing and refining mana from their surroundings into their core.” He 
finishes off with a swish of his hair while sitting down.
“No.” I hop off from the podium and walk towards the shocked Feyrith.
“It certainly is an easy way to gauge the mage’s power but it’s far from accurate. 
Princess Kathyln, if you see an ordinary fighter that stood at two meters and weighed 
almost three hundred pounds full of muscles, what is your assessment on that 
fighter?” I turn my gaze towards the Princess that was sitting next to the embarrassed 
elf.
“I can expect the fighter to have robust strength.” She finally says after pondering over 
the simple question.
“Correct! All we can tell is that the oaf is probably freakishly strong. Does that say 
anything else about his combat ability? Yes, he’s strong, but in order to be a great 
combatant, there are other factors such as agility, technique, mental fortitude, 
experience, etc. The stage a mage’s mana core is at only determines how much 
‘muscles’ he or she has, but it doesn’t much else about the other factors. Refining your 
mana core to higher stages is still important, of course, but if that’s the only factor you 
use in gauging your opponent’s level, you’re setting yourself up for defeat.” I see some 
students start jotting down notes so I catch my breath.
The nerdy girl with glasses raises her hand after she finishes writing down her notes. 
“Question!” She asks.
“Yes, Miss. Myrtle?” I find it amusing how much her name suits her character.
“If trying to sense the opponent’s mana core isn’t an accurate way of gauging his or 
her level, what do we do?” She has this face that seems to say ‘try that question on for 
size’.
“You don’t. Just assume that the opponent is stronger than you. Gauging the mana core 
stage of anyone should just be used to satiate your curiosity but it really doesn’t help. 
Even if sensing the mana core level can accurately gauge the fighting strength of your 
opponent, what are you going to do if your opponent’s fighting strength is lower than 
yours? Go easy on him? Pick on him because you know you’ll win? What do you do if 
his fighting strength is higher than yours? Run away? Chances are, if you’re in a 
situation where both of you are actively sensing each other’s mana core, then running 
away won’t be an option.” I pause for a minute.
“Being overconfident because you find out that your mana core is higher than your 
opponents can make you careless while getting scared if your opponent’s mana core 
is higher than yours will just make you feel hopeless. Bottom line is, life isn’t so simple 
that you can accurately know whether or not you can beat someone based on the color 
of someone’s mana core. There are cases of fighters beating careless mages because 
the mages got sloppy from being too arrogant. ALWAYS assume the opponent is 
stronger than you and try your best. If that opponent was weaker than you, then you 
put an end to the fight quickly to save him the humiliation. If that opponent was 
stronger, congratulations, you’ve overcome the mental limit you guys have been 
holding onto all your lives.” I feel like some inspiration speaker rather than a lecturer.
I walk over back to the podium where Sylvie was now taking a nap on and continue 
speaking.
“Now, for the next homework. Any of you figure out what I did last class with the two 
wind spells?” I ask, leaning back against the podium.
*Silence*
“Sigh…”I guess being spoon-fed answers all their lives really took a toll on their critical 
thinking skills.
“I’ll do a little demonstration for the Augmenter’s answer first.” Rolling Sylvie to the 
side, I take out two pieces of paper from underneath her. I crumple one of the papers 
into a small ball and show it to the class.
“Watch.” I put the ball on my right palm and inhale deeply, building the suspense.
“Fwoo.” Utilizing all of the air in my lungs I manage to blow the crumpled ball of paper 
about a meter away from me.
“…”
The students stare at me with a blank face from the anticlimactic outcome.
Holding my fingers up to silence any students about to argue what the point of that 
was, I roll the other paper I had into a tube. Packing the ball tightly into the back end 
of the tube, I inhale deeply one more time.
“FWOOM!” The crumpled ball of paper shoots out more than 10 meters in front of me 
before bouncing on the ground.
““AH!”” Some of the students had light bulbs go off in their heads as their expressions 
brighten up in understanding. I hide my grin when I see Kathlyn’s face also brighten 
up as she starts jotting down notes. As for Feyfey, he still has a question mark bobbing 
on top of his head because his face looks clueless as before.
“Since many of you seem to understand what I just did, can someone please enlighten 
the rest of the class?” I say as I walk up to pick up the pieces of paper I littered.
“It has to do with concentrating mana into a small point, then compressing it and 
shooting it out, right Professor?” A shy looking girl with a huge spear next to her 
responds quietly.
She called me Professor!
“Correct! Augmenter’s are raised to utilize the many mana channels that they have so 
we unconsciously use a lot of our mana channels for many of our spells, diluting it. It 
doesn’t matter so much when you use it on your body but the spell is weakened greatly 
when attempted to cast a long-range spell.” I demonstrate by widening the paper tube 
I rolled up. Blowing through one end, the ball I put inside loosely just drops down in 
front of me.
“It’ll be hard to get used to at first but being able to better control your mana channels 
will help you greatly. Now, for Conjurers’ turn.” I pick up the crumpled piece of paper 
I littered.
“Since Conjurers naturally have much less mana channels compared to their mana 
veins, they naturally shoot their spells in a compressed form, whether it’s out of their 
body directly, or by affecting an area to have the mana alter it into the form of their 
desired spell. What Conjurers need to do is utilize the raw amount of mana that they 
can absorb to compensate their lack of mana channels. Close your eyes and try to 
imagine this.” I see everyone confused but shut their eyelids nonetheless as they wait 
for my next instructions.
“Imagine both Conjurers’ and Augmenters’ bodies to be a pool of water. We’ll say that 
leaves are particles of mana. For an Augmenter’s body, just picture small bundles of 
leaves being dropped in various locations over the pool. While these bundles may be 
small, because there are so many, they begin to spread and join the other leaves that
spread from other directions until the surface of the water is covered in leaves. That 
is the essence of body enhancement. Now, for Conjurers, imagine just one humungous 
ball of leaves dropped into the pool of water. Because it comes from a single location, 
it may take longer for it to spread, but in the end, the leaves will still be able to cover 
the surface of the pool. That is how body enhancement works for Conjurers.” The class 
remains silent as the students open their eyes and think over what I just said.
“The reason why all of you Conjurers injured yourselves while trying to absorb the 
spell you conjured is because you didn’t use the mana from your core. The only mana 
that you’re completely immune to is the mana refined in your mana core. Even that, 
after your mana influences the environment into a spell, can hurt you. Therefore, 
Conjurers will need to utilize both mana from the atmosphere and mana from their 
mana core into a spell and integrate it into their body or drop the big pile of leaves to 
make it spread over the pool of water.” As I finished explaining, I motioned for the class 
to come down onto the stage and start practicing. For the rest of the class, I went 
around helping them while giving them little tips on how to better visualize what they 
need to do.
After the giant bell rang, signaling that the class was over, Sylvie stirred awake and 
hopped on top of my head as I dismissed class. I was surprised some students actually 
complained that the class was too short. I guess I was doing something right.
I took the long route to my next class to take up more time while I did a broad 
surveillance. I messed around with sending very faint pulses of wind to try and use it 
as a sort of 3D radar but my limit for now was around 20 squared meters, which wasn’t 
very useful since I could see that far anyway. Earth Pulse wasn’t as useful since I can 
only detect the very basics like, how many people were in the area, not if they were 
actually in combat or not and the buildings and trees diluted the accuracy.
Arriving to Gideon’s class late, he just motions for me to hurry on to my seat before he 
resumes talking.
“Hey. Why are you so late?” Emily whispers to me.
“Disciplinary Committee duties. I have to go around school until ten minutes after 
class starts.” I respond, lowering my voice so Gideon doesn’t hear.
“All right! Let’s get in pairs and work on our project. The materials are in the back but 
don’t all of you go all at once.” He takes a seat and starts reading over something while 
the class stands up to get the materials needed for the Light-Producing Artifact, or 
LPA. I was about to walk over as well when Emily stops me.
“I already have all of the materials we need for an LPA. Let’s just get started.” She 
rummages through her oversized bag before finding the various necessary 
components. After laying out all of the things we needed, she looked at me and pointed 
with her lips to get moving.
Building the LPA wasn’t easy but Emily seemed fairly impressed by how fast I caught 
on. Even if she was a twelve year old, her being a genius and all made me a bit happy.
The rest of class was spent with tinkering around with some of the various parts to 
artifacts that Emily brought with her until Gideon dismissed us. As I was about to 
leave, he grabbed me by the back of my shirt and pulled me towards him.
“Brat. Let’s catch up sometime. We have a lot to talk about.” He gives me a devious grin 
but otherwise just pats me on the back.
“Mhmm. We should grab some coffee, Professor.” I wave back before leaving the room 
with Emily.
‘Papa, Avier told me to head over to the training room again.’ Sylvie thumps my nose 
with her paw to grab my attention.
‘Is Avier Director Goodsky’s green owl? How can you talk with it?’ I ask my bond but 
she doesn’t really know why either.
“Hey Emily, I have to head over to the library so I’ll be skipping lunch. Go ahead 
without me!” I wave at my friend.
“Do you want me to go with you?” She looks at me but I just shake my head.
“It’s fine. Go find Elijah for me! He’ll be lonely if I’m not there.” I give her a smile before 
running off in the direction of the library/training rooms.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Leywin.” Chloe greets me with a professional smile and a bow 
before motioning me to the back door.
“Nice to see you again, Chloe.” I smile back, following behind her with Sylvie wagging 
her tail on top of my head.
After passing by the scary man, I made my way downstairs without the help of Chloe 
this time. ‘Hopefully Elijah won’t be too bored hanging out with Emily, right Sylv?’
“Kyu~” ‘He’ll be okay!’ my bond reassures me.
As I place my right palm against the giant cold doors after reaching my room, a bright 
light once again greets me.
“Boo!” Tessia jumps from the side of the door with her hands out wide.
“Hey, Tess.” I respond nonchalantly.
“Aww… you weren’t scared. No fun.” She grumbles while catching Sylvie who jumped 
off my head.
“Haha. You’ll have to try a lot better than that. Come on, let’s get started with your 
assimilation.” I push her towards the center of the training room. It’s amazing how 
dense the air was with mana in this room compared to outside. Even the very fact that 
there was grass and a waterfall put me in awe every time I came in.
“How’s your body been feeling lately? Are you still getting symptoms of rejection from 
your Beast Will?” I ask while Tess takes a seat near the pond.
“I haven’t gotten it ever since the last time we were here…” She responds but turns 
quiet afterwards.
“Hey, Art?” Turning her head back, I see Tess’ long grey eyelashes fluttering over her 
distinct teal eyes.
“Hmm?”
“I’m sorry.”
“For what?”
“Well… compared to you, I’m so emotional and so I feel like you get overwhelmed and 
just end up following my selfishness.” Tess’ gaze shifts down as she says this.
“Ah, so you do know.” I smirk in response, which earns me a smack to my arm.
“We’ve known each other for how long, Tess? At this point, you can trust that you’ve 
seen all sides of me, even the ones I don’t want to show. Even knowing that, the fact 
that you accept me and have patience with me, I’m grateful. Don’t ever think that what 
I’m doing is out of obligation.” Ruffling the downhearted princess’s hair, we begin the 
assimilation.
Tess’ mana core has come a long way. At her age, being a solid orange stage Conjurer 
is on the level of being classified as a genius. While she isn’t able to refine her mana 
core until the assimilation is over, it shouldn’t affect her too much. While mine took 
years, I estimate that with my help, it should only take a couple more weeks for her to 
completely assimilate with the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will.
“Let’s end it here today.” I pat Tess’ back to signal that we were done.
“Thanks.” Tess shoots me a shy smile as we both sit in the grass, the only sound coming 
from the waterfall and Sylvie’s soft breathing.
“I-I know you said to give you time but, do you think I can maybe hold your hand right 
now? Just for a bit? If not, it’s okay I-I won’t be mad.” Tess couldn’t look me in the eyes 
while stuttering. While her hair was covering her face, she couldn’t hide her red ears 
poking slightly out.
I gently grab Tess’ right hand with my left and squeeze firmly. While our fingers 
weren’t interlocked, the warmth from her hands spread onto mine.
“Is this okay?” I try to take a peek at Tess’ face but she leaves it covered. I couldn’t help 
but smile when she nodded her head furiously in response to my question.
For a couple of seconds, time seemed to go slower as we just sat there, hands locked.
For the past several weeks, nothing noteworthy happened, yet I was kept busy enough 
to not have time to visit my family. Disciplinary Committee duties took up all of the 
time that I had remaining aside from school and training.
The class that I taught had a harder time than I expected when it came to divergent 
training, which I named it. The whole aspect of focusing mana into a single point 
proved to be difficult for all of the Augmenters in the class while reabsorbing a 
conjured spell was even more arduous of a task for the Conjurers.
So far, out of the Augmenters, only a student named Benson managed to do anything 
remotely close to what I had in mind. As for the Conjurers, only Kathyln succeeded in 
reabsorbing her spell and enhancing her body. Even then, she only succeeded in 
“augmenting” her hand. Feyrith was a close second as he was the only other student 
on the brink of success.
My Deviant Magic Theory class has been moving along quite slowly as our Professor 
explicitly explained that she will cover new material after we finish our mid-semester 
tests. Since a semester is 16 weeks long and we’ve only gone through 4 weeks of 
school, it’ll take another 4 weeks until she’ll start going over what I want know.
“Are you excited for the excursion trip we’re going to have this weekend?” Tess leans 
in closer as she asks.
The two of us, along with Sylvie, were inside the training room during lunch. I had just 
finished helping her with assimilation. By my estimation, Tess needs about one or two 
more weeks to fully assimilate, which worries me because, until then, she is very 
limited in how much magic she can use.
“Hmm? Eh, we’re only exploring the first three floors, right? I doubt we’ll find anything 
worth getting excited over.” I just shrug.
This Saturday, we were to have a one-night trip to the outskirts of the Beast Glades 
with our Team-Fighting Mechanics class. Professor Glory received permission from 
Director Goodsky on the condition that we were not allowed to go past the third floor 
of the dungeon we planned on exploring.
The dungeon was a minor one and a popular site for new Adventurers since the mana 
beasts in the upper levels were only E class so Professor Glory thought it would be a 
great way to have the class get in some real life team-fighting mechanics practice.
“Pshhh… You’re no fun. I bet you’re actually really nervous that we’ll be in the Beast 
Glades. I heard about it a lot from Grandpa. He says that it’s filled with a lot of 
mysteries and wonders but also dangers. Grandpa said to never truly trust any source 
of information about the Beast Glades because it always changes.” Tess gets lost in her 
thoughts about how exciting our short trip was going to be.
“We’re going to be fighting against real mana beasts! Can you believe it? I mean, I’ve 
fought against a couple in Elshire Forest while I was training with Grandpa but I heard 
Mana Beats are different in the Beast Glades, you know, more vicious. We’re going to 
be sleeping in the dungeon too! That’s so exciting!” Her eyes begin to sparkle as she 
imagines camping underground, surrounded by mana beasts.
Giving her a soft flick to her forehead, I wake Tess up from dreamland. “Just remember, 
you’re probably not even at half your strength right now and the assimilation isn’t 
going to be in time for the class expedition. Don’t get full of yourself.”
“Oww… I know I know! Sheesh, you don’t have to baby me so much.” She pouts while 
rubbing her forehead.
“Do you remember when we slept together in the same tent?” My face turns into an 
evil grin as Tess’ face turns red immediately.
“Kyu?” Sylvie tilts her head in curiosity since she wasn’t born when this happened.
“What did you say again? Ahh!” Putting on a frightened face, I look at my blushing 
childhood friend.
“A-Arthur? W-well! You see… beasts will more likely appear if they notice you because 
they will see that you are a child. Therefore, I propose that for our s-safety that it 
would be better for you to c-come inside the tent.” I say in a high-pitched voice, 
mocking Tess.
“Uuu! You asked for it!” She jumps on top of me and starts poking me hard as I continue 
laughing.
“Owowowow! Hahaha~ okay! I’m sorry I give, I give! Tess… hahaha… I’ll stop!” Tears 
form in my eyes as I continue laughing and crying in pain.
“Kyuu!” ‘Me too, I want to play too!’ Sylvie hops around us.
Eventually, she comes to a stop as I lay panting on the ground, catching my breath with 
Tess sitting on top of me. Looking at my childhood friend, I notice that her face was 
still red. Realizing almost immediately after what sort of position we were in, I couldn’t 
help but get hot as well, as Tess lowers her head closer to mine.
“Hoho~ I see you two are getting along well. Virion will surely be happy.” The voice 
catches the both of us by surprise and Tess immediately gets off me while we distance 
ourselves from each other in embarrassment.
Director Goodsky walks up to us with an amused look on her face. How she got in 
without either of us noticing is beyond me but I couldn’t hide the awkwardness in my 
face as she looked at me.
“Fufu~ how is the assimilation going?” Saving us some face, Director Goodsky changes 
the topic.
“It-it’s going well! Art helped me a lot these past couple of weeks and I feel a lot better! 
I haven’t been feeling any pains from the rejection lately and as long as I don’t use 
magic too much, I think I’ll be okay!” The flustered Tess scrambles her words as she 
flails her arms to hide her embarrassment.
“She should be fully assimilated with her beast will in about a week or two.” I clarify 
after calming myself.
“Hmmm…” Director Goodsky nods at me before she kneels down in front of the still 
red Tess. Gently placing her hand above Tess’ stomach, Director Goodsky closes her 
eyes to sense Tess’ mana core.
After a brief moment, she retracts her hand and nods, satisfied. “Good, good. I’m glad 
that there were no troubles along the way. I knew I could trust you, Arthur.” She says 
to me before getting back up.
“Where have you been these past couple of weeks though, Director? You were always 
in contact from what I heard, but I noticed you haven’t been inside the Academy for a 
while now. Did you just get back?” I say, tilting my head. My eyes couldn’t help focusing 
on the small cut she had on her other hand.
“Ah yes. I’ve been away for some personal reasons. I am back now though, so come to 
my office if you need anything.” Director Goodsky quickly covers her hand and gives 
me a soft, grandmotherly smile.
“I better get going now, though. I have a lot of work to catch up on. Be sure not to 
overexert yourself, little one. Be especially careful while you are inside the dungeons. 
One should never underestimate even the lowest level mana beasts.” Director Goodsky 
gently pats Tess’ hair before disappearing with a wisp.
“S-so what are your plans after this?” Tessia says, trying to break the awkward silence 
that the Director left us in.
“After classes, there’s an emergency meeting for the Disciplinary Committee since 
Curtis, Claire and I are going to be away from campus over the weekend. We’ll have to 
work on some of the details in case an emergency arises while the three of us aren’t 
here. After that, I’ll probably go back home for the first time and sleep there. I’ll get 
back to campus by tomorrow morning in time to head out for the excursion. What 
about you?” I say while leaning back.
“Well, Professor Glory said there won’t be any class today since she wanted us to rest 
for the excursion tomorrow so I’m free until the Student Council meeting. We have to 
go over a couple of things on the agenda since both Clive and I won’t be there either.” 
Tess responds a lot more calmly now. I had to admit she was pretty cute while she was 
playing with Sylvie’s paws.
After spending a bit more time talking to Tess, I eventually had to leave to go to my 
remaining classes. Even though we didn’t have our Team-Fighting Mechanics class, my 
other two classes seemed to drag on forever as we already started reviewing for our 
mid-semester exams.
“That will be it for today, class. Remember to keep up with your studying instead of 
procrastinating and cramming it all on the night before. I know you all love doing that.” 
Professor Mayner says sarcastically as he hands out some review sheets on basic spell 
formations. After my last class was over I trudged on towards the Disciplinary 
Committee room with Sylvie weighing down particularly heavily on my head tonight.
“I trust that you guys will be able to handle keeping the Academy in check while the 
three of us are out. We’ve been through a couple of the emergency procedures these 
past two weeks so I’m confident that everything will be fine. As you all know, Kai is in 
command while I am out. Remember that Director Goodsky is back and on campus so 
if things go for the worse, don’t hesitate to have her help, although, unless it’s serious, 
I doubt there will be a need to. Dismissed!” Claire claps her hands as the rest of us get 
up.
“Twer… I mean Arthur. I want another practice match with you.” Theo places a hand 
on my shoulder as I head down the stairs.
“No! It’s my turn. You lost to him last time so I get to try now!” Doradrea squeezes in 
between us and looks up at me with her masculine face.
“Grr… That didn’t count! It was a lucky break that he just had, that’s all.” Theo refuted, 
his face red from both anger and embarrassment.
“No can do, Theo, Doradrea. I’m going home to my family tonight. My driver is already 
waiting for me outside of the Academy.” I shrug, hopping down the stairs without 
giving them the time to convince me to stay.
“You have the protection ring that Father gave you, right? Use it immediately if you feel 
like you’re in trouble. Promise me that, okay?” I hear Curtis worriedly nag at his 
younger sister. We’ll be leaving early tomorrow morning so tonight was probably the 
last time he’d be able to see her until we get back Sunday night.
Kathyln just responds with a silent nod, her face expressionless as always. She catches 
me looking at the both of them and quickly turns her head away. Curtis leaves his sister 
and walks towards me.
“I’ll see you tomorrow morning then, Arthur. I heard Professor Glory was thinking of 
assigning teams. Let’s join the same team if we can.” Giving me a fist bump to my arm.
“Yeah, sounds good.” Giving him a friendly nod, I walk out after giving everyone a wave.
It was already pretty dark outside with the only source of light coming from the soft 
glow of the floating orbs. The campus grounds gave off a very mystical feeling at night, 
totally different from how the world was in my previous life.
Upon reaching the main gate to the academy, a familiar driver was waiting for me. 
“Good evening Mr. Arthur. I take it that you have prepared everything?” He says while 
taking off his hat and giving me a slight bow.
“Yeah. The meeting ran a little late so let’s leave right away.” I get in the carriage after 
my driver opens the door for me.
I dozed off during the ride back home so it felt like the familiar Helstea mansion came 
into view a lot faster than I expected.
“We have arrived, Mr. Leywin. Have a great night.” Opening the door, the polite driver 
tips his hat once again as I step off the carriage. Walking up the stairs brought up 
nostalgic thoughts of when I came back from the kingdom of Elenoir and when I came 
back from the Dire Tombs. This was probably the first time coming back home in a 
while without giving my parents a reason to worry for my life.
Before even having the chance to knock, the giant front door swings open and an Ellie 
missile shoots out at a speed that surprised me.
“BROTTTHERRR! Welcome hommeeeee!” Ellie wraps her arms around my waist as I 
muster up the strength to keep the both of us from toppling down the stairs.
“Kyu!” Sylvie hops off of my head and onto Ellie’s, licking her face.
“Haha~ that tickles, Sylvie.” My sister unwraps herself from me as she holds Sylvie and 
tickles her back.
“I was wondering what the noise was; you’re back a little late, Son!” My father leans 
against the front door and gives me a grin.
“The meeting ran a little late. It’s been a while, Dad.” I give my father a hug as my sister 
follows behind me, still cuddling with my bond.
“Ah! You’re back, Art. You must be so tired.” My mother, who was upstairs, runs down 
and kneels in front of me, giving me a long hug.
“Hey, Mom. Yeah, I’m back.” I smile, accepting the family love I cherished so much.
“How’s your body? Are you all better now?” My mother examines my body, lifting up 
my shirt and turning me around to make sure I didn’t have a wound left on me.
“Haha, I’m fine now. You’re worrying too much.” I give her a comforting smile but I 
can’t help remember the short conversation I had with my father about why Mother 
wasn’t able to heal me back then. I shake the thoughts out of my head though. I’m sure 
there was a reason and the only thing I could do was wait for her to tell me.
“Brother, how long are you staying?” Ellie is practically hopping around me as we all 
head towards the living room.
“I’m leaving early tomorrow morning.” I let out a sigh.
“Wha~at? Why?” My sister’s face visibly saddens, her shoulders slumping at my 
response.
“Yeah, why are you leaving so soon?” My father chimes in, taking a seat on the sofa.
“One of my classes has an excursion trip to the Beast Glades tomorrow for one night. 
We leave in the morning tomorrow so I’ll have to head out pretty early at dawn.” I was 
already tired at the thought of waking up that early.
“The Beast Glades?!” My mother’s face turns pale in concern. I wasn’t surprised since 
I almost died the last time I was in the Beast Glades. Even my father had a worried 
look on his face.
“Don’t worry. We’re only going to be in the outskirts and our Professor will be with us 
at all times. Besides, I still have the ring.” I pull out the ring that the Helstea family gave 
to us from my pocket. The ring used mana circulation to indicate to the other person 
whether I was still alive or not. I kept it off while I was at school since I didn’t really 
have a need for it but I brought it just in case.
“But still… is it mandatory for you to go?” My mother furrows her brows, as the 
concern doesn’t leave her face.
“We’ll be fine. It’s one of the lowest ranked dungeons and we’re not allowed to go 
below the third floor anyways.” I comfort my mother.
She still wasn’t entirely happy with the whole situation but she just keeps silent, giving 
me a hesitant nod. The four of us spent a few more hours just catching up while Sylvie 
fell asleep on Ellie’s lap. Ellie was apparently doing well in her ladies school while my 
father and mother both still looked very healthy and in love. It’s only been a few weeks 
since I’ve last seen them so there weren’t really any surprises. Asking where the 
Helstea family was, Father said that Vincent and Tabitha were both out for a couple of 
days on a business trip to a different city.
Eventually my parents ushered my sister and I into our rooms since it was pretty late. 
I almost fell asleep while taking a shower and after drying myself; I couldn’t help but 
let out a big sigh of relief after sinking into bed.
It was good to be back home.
“Knock” “Knock”
I turn my head, too tired to get up and I see a small head peeking out from the other 
side of the door.
“C-can I sleep with you tonight, Brother?” Ellie walks in with her arms clinging onto a 
stuffed animal.
“Sure.” I smile, lifting the blanket next to me so she can get under.
“Hehe, yay.” Ellie jumps into the bed, making herself comfortable. The bed was more 
than big enough for the both of us but she scooted in close and faced me.
“Goodnight.” Patting my baby sister’s head, the both of us fall asleep to each other’s 
breathing.
“BROTHER! WAKE UP!!” My sister’s voice echoed through my head as she screamed at 
the top of her lungs directly next to my ear.
“What? What’s going on?” My eyes still half closed, I look back and forth to see if there 
was an emergency.
“Sheesh! You suck at waking up, Brother.” Ellie probably woke up not too long ago, 
evident by her bed hair.
“Haha, you hair looks crazy.” I shoot her a grin as I ruffle her hair.
“Eek! Stop it! Your hair looks weird too!” My little sister gets out of bed and escapes 
out of my room. Before closing the door behind her, she reminds me to hurry and wash 
up.
“Aye aye!” I give my sister an exaggerated salute, making her giggle before going 
downstairs.
Sylvie woke up on her own from my sister’s shouting but her eyes kept blinking slowly 
as she unstably toddled behind me.
After washing up and making sure I had the few basic necessities on me, which 
included my seal bracelet, my dimension ring with Dawn’s Ballad stored inside, the 
ring used to signal Mother, and Sylvia’s feather wrapped around my bond mark.
Sylvia’s feather probably isn’t really needed to cover the bond mark, but I liked to keep 
it on me just as a memento. Having a part of Sylvia with me comforted me.
Walking downstairs, my nose picks up on the soft scent of some sort of soup. When I 
reach the kitchen, I see my parents and little sister sitting on the table, their face still 
tired from being up early at dawn.
“Hope you don’t mind. The chef is cooking breakfast for you. We’re probably going to 
go back to sleep after we see you off.” My mother gives me a tired smile.
“Not at all. In fact, you really didn’t have to wake up and see me off.” I take a seat across 
from my mother, next to my sister.
“Be vigilant, no matter how easy you think the dungeon may be. It’s called a dungeon 
because you never know of the dangers inside.” My father warns me, his bead hair 
ablaze.
Looking back at my mother, I notice the strain on her face as I can almost feel her 
contemplating something inside her head. “…Just, please, be careful Arthur. I know 
how strong you are but I can’t stand it every time I see you hurt, it’s just that…” Her 
voice fades at the end.
“Hmm?” I had the feeling that she was thinking about what my father said in the 
hospital room back at Xyrus Academy; the thing that made her unable to heal anyone 
seriously injured.
“I-It’s nothing. Just be safe… and keep your eyes on that girl, Tessia as well. You have 
to protect her if things get tough, okay?” Giving me a gentle smile, she reaches forward 
and pats my head, but her mind wasn’t completely there.
The house chef brought in my food at this time, which consisted of dry bread and a 
creamy soup that I assumed was used to dip my bread in. After Sylvie had a nibble on 
the bread, she whined and just curled up again. By the time I finished, the sun had just 
started peeking out from the mountains.
“Are you going to be coming home right after your dungeon excursion?” My father 
asked after giving me a hug.
“No, not right after. I will be back for a whole week though next week for break. There’s 
some kind special festival going on in this city, right?” My professors all announced it 
a couple weeks in advance that once every 10 years, there’s a phenomenon that 
occurs. Supposedly, during that entire week, the mana density in this Continent 
reaches its peak, giving mages the experience to make breakthroughs and even 
allowing non-mages to experience what it’s like to feel mana. For that week, classes 
are cancelled and students are allowed to either stay in campus or back home to 
meditate and train as much as possible.
“Ah, right! The Aurora Constellate is happening next week. So you’re going to stay here 
for the festival too?” My mother’s mood brightens up a bit
“Wow! A whole week?” My drowsy sister perks up at this and pulls on my sleeves.
“Yup, that’s the plan! Let’s all go to the festival together.” Looking at my family, I give 
them a smile and hug my sister and mother before walking down the stairs and 
looking back.
“Be careful!” My mother shouts one last time while waving. Waving back at them, I get 
inside the carriage, copying Sylvie and catching up on my sleep until we arrive.
“Arthur!” Stepping out of the carriage, I see Curtis waving at me, his smile wide and 
genuine making me smile and wave back.
“How was your trip back home? Did you get to catch up with your family?” Claire pats 
me on the back when I reach the group of students waiting in the front gate.
“Good, you made it!” Professor Glory gives me a smile too as she begins counting 
heads. Looking around, besides Curtis and Claire, I see Clyde, Lucas, and a few other 
students that I never really pay attention to. I do one more quick check but I don’t see 
Tess, and by the frantic look on his face, neither does Clyde.
“Sorry I’m late!” Running through the front gate, I see Tess catching her breath, her 
face a bit flushed and hair a bit messy.
“You’re the last one, Princess Tessia. We can start heading out now.” Professor Glory 
does one more quick check and nods to herself in satisfaction before turning around 
and leading the class of 10 students to the teleportation gate just a bit away.
I look back to see Tessia walking alongside Clyde when she catches my gaze. Giving 
me a shy smile of affirmation I give a small wave back but otherwise continue making 
small talk with Curtis and Claire.
After talking and confirming a few of things with the guard, he adjusts a couple of 
things on the gate before Professor Glory signals us to enter through the gate one by 
one, stepping in herself after all of us. Again, my stomach turns from the feeling of 
traveling through the gate. Luckily the trip never lasts more than a couple of seconds.
“Welcome! I assume for most of you that this is the first time you guys have stepped 
foot in the Beast Glades, correct?” Professor Glory harrumphs while placing her hands 
on her hips.
“Hmph. I’ve been here countless times. I was an A-class Adventurer after all.” Lucas 
steps forth with his chest out in pride.
With this, a couple impressed murmurs from the students made Lucas even more 
arrogant until Professor Glory chimed in.
“Ah yes. I’ve heard from Director Goodsky that you were indeed an Adventurer. I’ve 
also been notified that you had your license revoked due to classified reasons.” Raising 
an eyebrow, Professor Glory continues on.
“Tch. It’s all because of that fuckin’ masked bastard.” The professor doesn’t hear Lucas 
mutter under his breath as he leans against his staff.
“Right now, we’re near the edge of the Grand Mountains. If we walk a few hours this 
way, we’ll arrive at a famous pub of gathering called Dragonspine Inn. Back when I 
was an Adventurer, that was the place to chat and get information on various mana 
beasts and dungeons. We’ll be going to a rather low-level dungeon so don’t worry too 
much. I will also be with you at all times but I’ll refrain from helping unless it is 
absolutely necessary so don’t look to me for answers.” Professor Glory waves her right 
hand and from her dimension ring comes a small pile of black cloth.
“These are shawls that you guys will need to wear inside the dungeon. The dungeon 
we’re going inside is called Widow’s Crypt. It’s a fairly straightforward dungeon 
without any traps or mazes so don’t worry about getting lost. It is, however, very cold 
in there, which is why you need these shawls. The mana beasts you’ll mostly be facing 
are nasty little creatures called snarlers. There are two types of snarlers in this 
dungeon that you’ll need to be very wary of, the minion snarlers and the queen snarler. 
The minion snarlers are the ones you guys will be facing. Their queen burrows in the 
bottom floor of the dungeon so you won’t see it, but just know the difference. You’ll 
see what the minions look like once we go inside, but for now, we’re going to split you 
up into two teams of 5.” As Professor Glory finishes informing us, she takes out a small 
piece of paper from the inside of the shawl she was wearing.
“I’ve already decided on how teams will be split so take a step forward as I call you. 
Curtis, Claire, Dorothy, Owen, and Marge; you guys will make up the first team.” Our 
professor motions for them to pick up their shawls and step to the side.
“That leaves us with Arthur, Lucas, Clive, Tessia and Roland. Any questions?” She says 
as she points at the pile of shawls left.
I had to be in the same team as Lucas? Did she do this on purpose? No, there’s only 10 
students in the class and she has no idea that I was an Adventurer before. Debating 
whether or not to ask to change with someone, I ultimately decide to stay after 
remembering what my mother said this morning. Even if she didn’t say it, I don’t trust 
Lucas being in the same team as Tess. I should be there just in case.
“No? Okay, then it’s settled. It shouldn’t take us more than two hours to reach the 
dungeon entrance so let’s hurry.” With that, we take off, taking long strides amidst the 
thick trees covering most of the sunlight.
We all traveled in silence, most of the students scared that they might attract 
unwanted attention from the mana beats that might be nearby. Soon, the trees cleared 
up as we began descending down a slope.
“We’re almost here. There’ll be a place to be on standby next to the dungeon so do not 
go inside.” With that, the professor stays in the back, doing a headcount again while 
each of us carefully slid down the steep slope leading to the dungeon entrance.
“Before we go in, are you sure you want to bring your bond inside the dungeon, 
Arthur?” Professor Glory gives me a concerned look.
‘What do you say? Do you want to go hunting since we’re at the Beast Glades anyway?’ 
I mentally transmit to Sylvie.
‘Ye~es!’ With that, Sylv hops off of my head and disappears off into the woods for the 
wrong reason that everybody else is thinking right now.
“Good choice, it’ll probably be safer if she stays out here and lays low.” Professor Glory 
gives me a nod before climbing up onto a rock so she could see everyone.
“Now. Split off into your groups and get to know each other. You guys have probably 
seen what everyone in your group is like from class but share your strengths and your 
weaknesses that need to be covered. You’ll also have to decide on a leader before we 
go inside.” As our professor takes a seat on the rock, our group came together and sat 
in a circle. While everyone looked at each other, not wanting to really speak up, the 
only one in our group that I didn’t really know, Roland, spoke up.
“Ahem! My name is Roland Alderman and I am a water attribute Augmenter! My 
hobbies are relaxing, shopping, going on dates with pretty girls and…”
“No one asked for your hobbies.” Clive interrupts while massaging the bridge of his 
nose in irritation.
“Well someone’s a little grumpy. Anywho… My strength is in mid-range fighting, using 
a water whip skill that is passed down from my family. My weakness is in close range. 
Next!” He finishes, tossing the imaginary baton to me, who was sitting to his left.
“Arthur Leywin. I’m a Wind and Earth attribute Augmenter. I’m capable at all ranges 
but prefer mid to close.” I state simply, looking directly at Lucas who was across from 
me.
“Clive Graves. Wind attribute Augmenter specializing in long distance fighting with a 
bow. I don’t really have a weakness.” He harrumphs.
“Lucas Wykes. I am a Conjurer with a single specialization in fire. As for strengths and 
weaknesses, let’s not bother going over that.” Rolling his eyes, he just leans back as he 
sat cross-legged.
Sensing the hostility in the air, I notice Tessia looking a little uncomfortable. “Tessia 
Eralith. I am a conjurer with a dual specialization in wood and wind. My strong suits 
are middle to close range fighting…” Letting her voice trail off, our group becomes 
silent, as we all know what the next topic will be.
“I elect myself to be the leader.” Lucas is the first one to speak.
“Oh? By what standards do you see yourself as the leader of this group?” I tilt my head, 
giving him an innocent look.
“By strength of course. Let’s be real… I can beat any of you guys in a fight. Isn’t it 
natural for the strongest one to be the leader?” Lucas gives me this face as if I asked 
the dumbest question he could think of, baffling me even further.
“I vote for Tessia! She’s the only girl and is pretty so I like that. We can even name our 
team the queen and Knights!” Roland has this sparkle in his eyes as his mind wanders 
off into his own little fantasy land.
“I also think that Princess Tessia should be the leader, ahem… not for the same reason 
of course, not saying that she isn’t pretty but I mean… Since she is the Student Council 
President.” Clive ends up looking down as he mumbles, his cheeks a bit flushed.
“Wait I don’t want to be the leader! How about Art… thur? Arthur Leywin.” Shaking 
her hands in defense, Tess almost calls me by my nickname.
“I also think that Tessia should be the leader.” I raise my hand up, everyone ignoring
Tessia’s comment. I don’t mind just as long as Lucas isn’t the one leading.
“Tch. Idiots.” Lucas just rolls his eyes once more before we all get up.
“All right, since it seems like everyone is done, let’s head in. Brace yourselves once we 
get inside, it’s going to be chilly!” Professor Glory says before stepping inside the 
entrance, which appeared to be a narrow stairway going down into the darkness.
In a single file line, we all started making our way down the stairs and I swear the 
temperature dropped noticeably for each step we took down the stairs.
“W-w-w-what the hell? W-w-w-w-why is it s-s-s-so c-cold?” Roland mutters in 
between his teeth chattering.
“Augment yourself, you dolt.” I hear Clive’s voice from behind. It was really dark so I 
couldn’t really see anything more than the vague outline of each person.
As we walked down the stairs, I felt something on my hand but before I pulled away, I 
realized what it was. Looking back, just a step behind me, I could see the vague outline 
of Tess’ head. Even without seeing, I could tell she was already blushing by how warm 
her hand was. Accepting her hand and holding it tightly, we silently walked down the 
seemingly endless flight of stairs.
Even without augmenting myself, the once cold dungeon felt a lot warmer just for a 
bit as our class made our way down. I admit I was a bit disappointed that it started 
getting brighter as we kept making our way down because Tess pulled her hand back 
but once we reached the first floor of the dungeon, my inner warrior became excited 
at the scene in front of me.
The cavern stretched out for hundreds and hundreds of meters, making me wonder 
how it supported itself. The stone that made up the large cavern sparkled with a dim 
blue light as a thin layer of ice covered the floor and even formed icicles on the ceiling. 
Looking next to me, I realized that the reason that the almost transparent moss that 
covered the cavern let off a soft glow, illuminating the entire area.
“That’s odd, usually, we’d see a fair amount of snarlers already. Why don’t I…”
“KRRRRRR”
“GRRAWWWL”
“SNNNNNRRRR”
“GRAHK! GRAHK!”
All of a sudden, hideous noises started echoing all around us. Peeking out from behind 
the numerous boulders and from small caverns spotted around the walls of the cave 
were an uncountable amount of beady red eyes.
“Th-that’s a lot of snarlers…” I could hear Roland gulp as his eyes widened. It wasn’t 
just him but everyone in the class, even Curtis and Claire looked hesitant at what they 
were seeing. I looked at Professor Glory and from her expression; I don’t think she 
anticipated on seeing this many snarlers either.
Even amongst mana beasts, snarlers were hideous creatures. With a thick grey fur 
coat, their 140cm bodies looked like muscular, mini gorillas. Their face, though, was a 
mix of a boar’s snout and tusks with beady red eyes and long ears. With their thick 
powerful-looking lower jaw protruding outwards, you wouldn’t think that they’d only 
be E stage mana beasts.
“GRRRRRRRR”
“SSNNNNRRRKKK”
“GRAAHHK! GRAAHHK!”
As dozens and dozens revealed themselves from hiding, the snarlers started snapping 
their jaw while letting out low growls.
“P-Professor… are there supposed to be this many S-S-S-snarlers?” One of 
upperclassman females in the other group stammered out.
“This is so odd. Even in the lower floors, there are never this many snarlers bunched 
together.” Professor Glory braced herself and stayed firm. Because of the low morale 
in our class, if even our professor took a step back in hesitation, everyone would panic.
“There are a lot of them but they aren’t impossible to handle. However, since this is 
just a class excursion, I think it’s best to go back up, just in case. Safety is priority right 
now.” Just as Professor Glory started slowly ushering everyone back towards the 
stairs, a fireball flew past her and exploded in a crowd of snarlers.
“BOOOM!” As the fireball exploded, six snarlers all shot out in different directions and 
lay motionless.
“See? These nasty little beasts are weak. Professor, don’t tell me you brought us all 
here just to go back? Even a small fire spell was enough to kill six of them.” Lucas 
scoffed as he lowered his staff.
I could tell Professor Glory was hesitant because of the unusual amount of snarlers 
suddenly appearing in the first floor.
“I-I think we should try and train here, Professor.” Curtis has a determined look on his 
face as several other students, because of Lucas’ display, gained confidence as well.
The snarlers that have all come out seemed a bit frightened now, as they warily keep 
their distance, studying us with their unintelligent eyes.
“Okay, but if I feel that something isn’t right, we’re immediately out of here, 
understood?” With a stern voice, she waits for the class to agree to her condition.
“Good. Split into your two teams and take different parts of the floor. We don’t want 
any friendly fire happening in here. And Lucas, if you do something like that again, 
there will be consequences.” Professor Glory shot a menacing look towards the cocky 
blond, making him reluctantly comply.
“Prince Curtis, take your team and make your way towards the left side of the cave. 
Princess Tessia, take your team to the right of the cave and hold your ground. I’ll be 
keeping an eye on you guys at all times but stay vigilant and don’t underestimate the 
snarlers, especially in these numbers.” With that, Professor Glory motioned for the 
two teams to rush forward.
“Arthur, I want you to be the vanguard since you’re the best in close range. Clive and 
Roland, you guys take positions to his left and right behind him and make sure he’s 
covered. Lucas stay in the center between Arthur, Clive and Roland; I’ll cover your 
back. We’re going in the diamond position we learned in class!” As soon as we headed 
towards the miniature army of snarlers, Tessia’s shy self all but disappeared as her 
Student President side took over.
“GRRRAHHKK!!”
“KHHRRAAA! KRRAAH!”
“Oh fuck, fuck, fuck.” Roland, obviously intimidated by the fifty-odd snarlers all 
snapping their jaws at us, took out his weapon, which just looked like a handle of a 
sword.
Clive also took out his metal short bow from his dimension ring and he drew it back. 
Where the arrow should have been was a long metal needle wrapped in gusts of wind.
I take out Dawn’s Ballad as well, which was still wrapped in white cloth. I left it 
sheathed and lowered myself, getting ready for a quick draw in case any of them 
suddenly jumped.
“Spread and destroy! Ember wisp!” As we approached the horde of snarlers, Lucas 
released one of his favorite spells and soon started floating around us.
“CRRAAHK!!” Reaching just 5 meters from the horde, I tucked my sword in tightly to 
my waist and prepared to draw as more than ten of them jumped towards us.
Dashing even faster, I leaned forward even lower and augmented the sword still inside 
its sheathe. Augmenting a wind to accumulate inside, I had to use all of my strength to 
keep my blade from coming out of its sheathe until the last minute. With the same 
theory as a loaded spring, I waited until I was just in front of the airborne snarlers 
before I released the pressurized blade.
“FWWAAAHH! BOOM!” As the speed of my blade broke the sound barrier, I winced in 
pain as I felt my shoulder dislocating. That skill worked a lot better than I thought it 
would… I really shouldn’t experiment with skills in actual battles.
The front line of the snarlers both in the air and on the ground was either knocked 
back or cut in half but I couldn’t follow up with anything as my right arm dangled, 
dropping my sword.
“GRHHAAK!” Several more snarlers took the place of the fallen and galloped towards 
me, using all four limbs now.
“Fweeee~” Several arrows whizzed by me and promptly impaled some of the snarlers 
almost on me.
I look back and give Clive a nod before picking up my sword with my left hand. As I 
look to my left, Roland was wielding a whip made of water as he gripped the handle 
he brought out in the beginning. The water whip whirled erratically as some attacks 
missed the target by a large margin, making me think that Roland was still learning 
his family’s art.
The cave glowed in red and blue as different fire spells went off from both our side 
and the other team’s side. The snarlers were trying to surround us as they began 
spreading out and keeping their distance. The ember wisps that Lucas summoned 
were still shooting off small streams of fire but the snarlers were getting crafty, 
throwing chunks of ice from the ground at the wisps in hopes of extinguishing them.
“Arthur, are you okay?” Tess sees me clutching my arm as she’s fighting off two snarlers.
“Um… I think I’ll be fine.” I grit my teeth and position my right arm between my legs 
as I prepare to pop the shoulder back in.
“Gah!” I couldn’t help let out a cry as I forcibly reposition my arm back into its place.
The skill I haven’t even named yet worked a lot better than I thought, managing to kill 
over fifteen snarlers at once. Too bad my body wasn’t able to withstand the force just 
now.
The snarlers weren’t very strong, but after about thirty minutes the seemingly endless 
numbers that didn’t dwindle were taking its toll on us. Clive and Roland were sweating 
profusely while Tessia was a bit pale. Even Lucas’ spells were becoming a lot less 
flamboyant as he had to keep in mind the limit of his mana pool now.
“Is it just me or are there more snarlers now then there were in the beginning?” Roland 
shouts as he manages to kill three snarlers with the help of Clive.
“I think you’re right. The numbers aren’t adding up.” Clive responds as he looks at 
Tessia for further instructions.
Between the corpses on the floor and the ones still kicking, the numbers, just on our 
side added up to roughly over one hundred. That was more than double from the 
beginning.
“I think we should head back over to Professor Glory. We’re not going to be able to 
keep fighting like this for much longer.” Tess announces. As we make our way slowly 
back to where the entrance to the dungeon was, it seemed like the other team had the 
same idea.
Professor Glory noticed both our teams coming towards her so she made her way to 
us, cleaving snarlers left and right with her sword.
“Professor, I don’t think we can keep going like this. The snarlers keep coming!” Tess 
shouts over the waves of snarlers.
“Both teams! Follow your leaders! We’re going back up!” Without hesitation, Professor 
Glory motions for us to head back up the stairs when we hear a loud crash.
“BOOOM!”
The icicles and stalactites, along with other rubble from the roof of the cave came 
crashing to the ground as two figures came floating down, flapping their large wings 
to hold themselves steady.
“Are you kidding me? What are the queen snarlers doing on this floor?” Professor 
Glory didn’t bother holding in her rage as she took out another giant sword from her 
dimension ring.
“Class, make sure to not let any of the minion snarlers get in my way. I’ll handle the 
two queens. I don’t know what’s going on but I’m getting you guys out of here if it’s 
the last thing I do.” With a click of her tongue, she pulls off something around her neck 
and throws it on the ground. As the necklace shimmers and then turns grey, the mana 
fluctuating around Professor Glory changes.
She was using a seal!
“Prepare to back up Professor Glory! Don’t let any of the snarlers get past us!” Tessia 
commands as she holds her bladed staff out in front of her.
“Aye! Vanguards protect the Conjurers!” Curtis steps up, brandishing his sword and 
shield.
I take a step forward too, using gripping my sword with both hands to support my 
throbbing shoulder. There were 7 of us in the front as Lucas, Tessia and another girl 
started chanting spells. My eyes couldn’t help but focus on Professor Glory as she 
wielded two giant swords, one on each hand. Fire and what looked like sand were 
rapidly circling around her two swords as Professor Glory was chanting inaudibly.
The fire and sand began intertwining as the two queen snarlers, both a few times 
larger and nastier, with wings, began cautiously surrounding Professor Glory. The 
queen snarlers’ front two limbs had 4 long, sharp claws that glistened in a coating that 
I assumed might be poison.
“HAAAHP!” Professor Glory, her two giant swords ablaze with fire and sand, charged 
towards the smaller queen snarler, beginning the battle.
I held back on using spells, choosing to simply hack and slash my way against the 
snarlers by augmenting my sword. Their thick coat offered them a little resistance 
against spells and attacks but it didn’t take much to kill them. What became more of a 
problem was from the corpses of the snarlers. Their dead bodies began piling more 
and more around us, getting in the way of our attacks. Looking around, I was relieved 
to see that the vanguards were still holding up. Both Curtis and Claire had minor 
scratches and bruises, but they were in a much better shape compared to the other 
students.
I take a glance back and what I saw threw me by surprise. Professor Glory was pushing 
the queens, who were estimated to be on the upper spectrum of B-class bosses, back, 
by herself. What surprised me more was the way she did it. She was obviously a dual 
elemental Augmenter in earth and fire, but she was producing projectiles that looked 
like ice shards…
No… looking carefully, it wasn’t ice. It was glass!
A small scratch on my arm brought my attention back to the fight in front of me but 
my mind couldn’t ponder how Professor Glory was able to do that. I knew that 
superheating sand but in order to produce that amount of heat while still battling…
“KRRAAAAAAAHHHH!” The ear-deafening cry made us turn our heads back. Professor 
Glory just managed to land the finishing blow on the smaller queen. Our Professor 
wasn’t in the best of shape, her armor scratched and dented in various places while 
blood trickled down her cheeks.
“All right!”
“NICE!!”
“Go Professor!”
The defeat of one of the queens dramatically boosted the moral of the class, as each of 
the students’ renewed vigor allowed us to fight back harder against the snarlers that 
seemed to instantly generate spontaneously.
“GRRRRAAAAAAHH!!!”
“BOOM!”
Upon seconds of hearing the loud crash, Professor Glory flew past the front line and 
landed hard against a wave of minion snarlers.
Allowing myself a few seconds to look back, a wave of nausea hits me as my eyes are 
glued onto the sight of the bigger queen snarler gorging on the corpse of the fallen 
queen snarler.
As the larger queen began devouring the smaller one, I couldn’t help but become 
perplexed by what was happening in this dungeon. There were more than 10 floors in 
this dungeon, with minion snarlers inhabiting all but the 10th floor, where the queen 
snarler dwelled. The reason this dungeon was considered a beginner dungeon was 
because the queens never left the 10th floor, allowing for easy training up until the 
very last floor.
Although the queen snarler was a B-class mana beast, a large party of E-class 
Adventurers was still capable of defeating it.
Another question that popped into my mind… was it normal to have more than one 
queen in the dungeon? From what I read, queen species were very territorial, and 
immediately battled against any potential competitors to maintain control.
Professor Glory didn’t really think much of it but I couldn’t help be bothered by it. This 
brings me to my last inquiry… How are those two queens so much stronger than they 
normally should be?
I could understand Professor Glory having a hard time against two B-class mana 
beasts that are considered dungeon bosses, but she shouldn’t be losing. The queen 
snarler that I read about was easily supposed to be disposed of by an A-class 
Adventurer.
“Ugh… why is that one so much stronger?” As Professor Glory got up, she had to cleave 
a couple of minions out of her way.
As I fended off waves of snarlers, my attention kept on drawing back to the queen 
snarler eating its former ally.
“Professor, does this usually happen?” I ask.
“Well I’ve heard that some species of mana beasts do indulge in cannibalism but I’ve 
never really seen this particular case. Why now of all times, I have no idea.” Shaking 
her head, she picks up her other sword on the ground and makes her way towards her 
opponent.
“GRRAAAHH!” As the queen snarler finished consuming her fallen comrade, a bizarre 
change occurred. Its once grey fur turned jet black and the small horn on its forehead 
that I failed to notice at first grew substantially and curved upwards. The once beady 
red eyes turned sharp and menacing, almost psychotic as its mouth started foaming.
Professor Glory doesn’t say anything but I know that there was a growing sense of 
doubt on her mind. Until now, getting back home safely was considered just a matter 
of time, but even my body couldn’t help but shiver involuntarily from the murderous 
intent that exuded out of this beast.
“Cough… Professor! We can’t… cough… keep this up!” Tessia shouted amidst the 
growls and hisses of the enemy.
Tessia’s condition didn’t look too good and brought to my attention a rather obvious 
problem we were now facing.
“Everyone! No more fire spells! The entrance of the cave is blocked so our supply of 
oxygen is limited!” I roared out.
From the burnt pile of corpses accumulating, the air was becoming thick as some of 
the weaker students began coughing uncontrollably.
The queen and Professor Glory were in a stalemate, with our Professor on the losing 
side. As I focused on the main battle, I could see that the fighting style of the queen 
snarler completely changed. There was no trace of hesitation or sense of selfpreservation. Each attack it lashed out at Professor Glory was with the intent to kill 
without caring for its own body. Usually that should’ve been its downfall, but that 
unique queen snarler’s black fur was able to absorb most of the damage from our 
professor’s attacks.
“Cough… Arthur… I think… my mana core is beginning to cough… act up.” Tess, who 
was a few meters behind me, fell to her knees as she began clutching her abdomen.
Fuck.
‘Papa! What’s wrong? Are you okay?’ Sylvie’s voice pops in my head.
‘We ran into a problem, get here as fast as you can and head down the stairs.’ I respond 
before focusing my mind on what’s happening here.
Several factors began weighing down on my mind now and I began to get a sense of 
nostalgia from my trip to the Dire Tombs. Did I have the power to clear the mountain 
of rubble blocking the front entrance to the stairs and even if I did, should I just take 
Tess and escape by ourselves?
No. Tess would never forgive me if she knew that I left everyone else in here to escape.
Then after making a way back up, do I stay behind and help Professor Glory kill the 
mutated queen snarler?
Whatever decision I choose to make, the first thing I had to do was clear this rubble. 
It was important that I clear a path back up in one try; since it was obvious the queen 
wasn’t going to let us all escape.
“Professor, keep the queen busy. I’ll try to open a way out of here for us!” Professor 
Glory had to work even harder to keep up with the queen since she couldn’t use any 
fire techniques. After giving me a nod in affirmation, I get to work. Tessia wasn’t in any 
state to help and everyone else was too busy fending off the army of minion snarlers. 
Lucas had to resort to using heat spells to try and deter the snarlers since oxygen 
levels were becoming more and more scarce.
I would have to do this by myself. I had to calculate this well. If I were to use a large 
enough fire spell in this state right now and fail, we were all going to begin suffocating 
in here. Water? Ice? There were too little water elemental mana particles in this cave 
to release anything strong enough to drill a hole through the mountain of rock. The 
once ice-filled cave was now dry and arid with a thick layer of smoke being produced 
from some of the burnt snarler corpses.
That left me with wind and earth, or a mixture of both, but even with the level I am 
right now, I wasn’t confident in being able to produce a powerful enough attack. I 
thought of maybe using phase two, but with Tess in the condition she was in right now, 
I had to stay conscious at least until we get out of this dungeon.
Was there really no other option? As my mind began spinning for possible solutions, I 
see Professor Glory receive a pretty large blow to her right arm.
‘I’m almost there Papa! Hold on!’ Sylvie’s voice gives me an idea.
That’s it!
“Curtis! I need your help right now!” I roar across the battlefield.
“Arthur, I don’t think I can afford to…”
“Come, NOW!” I bark back before he can refute.
Curtis was a bloody, grimy mess, but from the shallow wounds on his body, it was 
obvious that the blood on him wasn’t his.
“What is it?” He pants heavily. I could tell he was exhausted by the wear on his face 
and body. His shield was badly dented and his sword looked dull from the repeated 
use.
“Do you think your beast will ability, World Howl, is strong enough to clear the 
rubble?” I turn his head to snap him back into attention.
“Arthur, I don’t think I have the mana to even be able to go into my first phase.” He 
shakes his head hopelessly.
“Just answer the question. Is it strong enough?”
“Y-yeah, if I had enough mana, I could potentially produce a blast bigger than the one 
on the mock team battle where you, um, got injured.” He scratches his head, confused 
by where I was going with this.
I thought about maybe directing the blast at the queen snarler but even if it were 
strong enough to maybe kill it, it would be impossible to accurately get only the queen 
and not Professor Glory. It was safer to just go with this plan.
“Okay. I want you to not question what I’m about to do and just focus on going into 
your first phase and producing the blast strong enough to clear that mountain of 
rubble. Got it?” The amount of urgency and authority must have gotten through to 
Curtis because he just nods and turns around.
Taking off my seal and putting it in my dimension ring, I make sure to control the 
amount fluctuation in the mana as to not tip anyone off. Everyone is occupied with the 
snarlers but if I don’t control the mana release like Professor Glory did after she 
released her seal, I would draw attention from the queen snarler.
Feeling the untapped pool of mana that I now had access to, I place both my hands on 
Curtis’ back.
From the amount of mana I will into Curtis, the Prince involuntarily drops to one knee 
before he’s able to adjust his body to the sudden bombardment of mana.
Mana transference has been studied for many years according to professors and many 
of the books in the library, but it was a hopeless cause for them. They believed that if 
a mage was fire attribute, receiving mana from another fire attribute mage should be 
possible, but after countless tests and failures, they deemed it as implausible; the 
reason being that even if someone is a specialization, the mana inside their bodies 
aren’t purely of only that element. Hypothetically, if someone was able to condense 
and refine their core to highest sense, then with another one of someone of that same 
level and element, they could transfer mana to each other. Other than that, it would be 
impossible, except for me.
The fact that I’m able to manipulate all four elements allows me to adjust and mimic 
and input the types of mana and the ratio of each element of the person I’m 
transferring it to. It was sort of like what I did for my sister and Lilia when teaching 
them mana manipulation in their body but on a much bigger scale. Of course I haven’t 
perfectly mastered this so I’ll be wasting a lot of mana, but this was probably our best 
bet.
As I began slowly controlling and limiting the amount of each elemental mana 
particles I transmit to Curtis, I can’t help but grit my teeth in self-deprecation at the 
turn of events.
There were so many small signs that I chose to ignore, thinking that it would work out 
fine, and that I could handle it. Was I treating this life I had right now for granted? 
Being fortunate enough to have this amount of power at my age has definitely made 
me lose my past sense of rationality to a degree.
No longer a king, tied down by rules and politics as well as not being tied down by my 
own physical capabilities, I’ve become careless. In this world, the limits to my potential 
were boundless. Reaching the White stage or even further wasn’t a dream but a matter 
of time and effort.
The thing that appalled me the most and what I hated to admit was that, I was, in a 
sense, a bit like Lucas. I was nowhere near as much of a jerk as him and I had people I 
actually cared for beside myself, but I was becoming arrogant, like Lucas, arrogant to 
the extent of carelessness.
“I-I don’t know what you just did, Arthur but I feel great. I think I’ll be able to go into 
my first phase!” The Prince says, bringing me back to reality. I sense the change his 
body is going through internally sense I’m the one transferring my mana to him.
“king’s Wrath.” Curtis let’s out a growl as his body begins to change.
*CRACKLE*
I jerk my hands back in pain as Curtis releases his first phase of his Beast Will. 
Confused, I try transferring mana to him again but the rejection from his body is even 
stronger than the first time.
Did the mana from his beast will reject my mana?
Before I had the chance to try again, Curtis began gathering mana for his World Howl 
technique.
He crouches, lowering his center of gravity to withstand the recoil of World Howl, the 
mana from both his body and the atmosphere gathered in front of his open jaw.
During this time, I rush to where Tessia was curled behind the front line and scooped 
her up. Getting Tessia out of here would be priority. I was partly to blame for this mess. 
I should’ve done a better job to prevent something like this from happening in the first 
place.
“WORLD HOWL!” Curtis unleashes his powerful breath attack, but the mutated queen 
must’ve sensed that something was wrong because it immediately changed its target 
from the wounded Professor Glory to Curtis.
“Oh no you don’t!” Bellowing at the top of her lungs, Professor Glory leaped up and 
grappled the mutated queen in flight in hopes to deter it from reaching Curtis.
“BOOOM!”
As planned, my mana transference paid off as Curtis’ trump card blasted a large hole 
through the rubble, clearing a path to the now visible stairway entrance back to the 
surface.
“EVERYONE! HEAD FOR THE STAIRS!” I roar through the sound of rocks falling and 
snarlers growling.
“GO! NOW!” Professor Glory shouts too as she struggles to hold her own against the 
queen snarler.
The exhausted class makes one final push towards the entrance as Professor Glory 
holds the queen at bay while the wall of snarler corpses keeps the ones alive at bay for 
the brief moment.
“Claire, I’m trusting Tess to you.” I hand Tessia over to Claire, who seemed to be in the 
best shape right now.
“You’re not planning on staying, are you? You can’t be serious. As your commanding 
leader in the Disciplinary Committee I forbid…”
“Just go…” With the limited amount of time that we had, I release a sharp killing intent 
to get my point across, making her flinch backwards in surprise.
Helping the drained Curtis back to his feet, I push both of my Disciplinary Committee 
teammates towards the front entrance of the cave before turning back to where 
Professor Glory was fighting.
“Why the hell did you come back, Arthur.” I could almost feel the amount of frustration 
in my professor’s voice as she snapped at me through gritted teeth.
“We’re going to need both of us to kill this thing.” Taking Dawn’s Ballad back out from 
my dimension ring, I unsheathe it.
“You better hope this thing kills me because you’re going to be regretting not following 
my orders.” She responds, blocking a blow from the queen’s sharp claws.
“Hey, I’m a professor too, remember?” I give her a weary smile before making a sharp 
swing with my blade.
“You’re too smart for your own good, Arthur.” She smiles back while shaking her head. 
The situation didn’t seem too good as the mana transference made me use most of my 
mana. If it weren’t for mana rotation, I probably would’ve gotten backlash already.
While battling the queen and keeping her busy enough so the rest of the class could 
get out safely, I notice that the last one is Lucas. Our eyes lock in for a brief moment 
before he turns back his head and disappears into the entrance.
I could’ve sworn I saw him snort before he turned away.
“GRAAAH!” As the fight continued, I managed to sever one of the queen’s wings so it 
wasn’t capable of flight any longer, but its thick fur was preventing us from doing 
anything more than giving it shallow wounds. This mutated queen, which was almost 
3 meters tall on its hind legs, was filled with wounds from both Professor Glory and I, 
but it didn’t seem to bother it at all.
“I don’t think we can kill this thing.” I shout to Professor Glory, who was on the other 
side of the queen snarler.
“We’ll need to at least bind it somehow so we can escape. I don’t think the queen will 
follow us out of the dungeon!” She responds as the queen howls in anger.
“I need you to keep it busy for 5 seconds, professor.” I reposition myself so Professor 
Glory was in my view.
“Okay.” She doesn’t question what I’m about to do as she unleashes another burst 
mana out of her core.
As Professor Glory leaps towards the mutated queen, I put my sheath back into my 
dimension ring and grasp my sword with both hands. With the seal gone, I use the last 
of my mana to will lightning into Dawn’s Ballad.
“HAAAA!” Without mana strengthening my body, my dash towards the queen snarler 
feels like a crawl.
“Move!” At my signal, Professor Glory dashes out of the way as I stab my sword into 
an already existing wound that I managed to inflict just earlier between its shoulder 
blades.
*CRACKLE* *CRACKLE*
“KRREEEEEEEEEEEEK!!!” The sudden shock seemed to be effective against the queen 
as it began to spasm.
“LET’S GO!” Without even being able to pull my sword back out from the queen snarler, 
Professor Glory grabs me by my waist and carries me towards the front entrance.
As the hordes of minions got in our way, Professor Glory cleaved our way through until 
we reached the front entrance.
“GRAAAAAAAAAAH!”
“H-HOW?” Professor Glory could only gasp as both of us looked up. The queen, with 
my sword still embedded in its spine, somehow recovered enough to make one 
desperate leap to keep us from escaping.
“Hurry!” I was currently dangling on top of my professor’s shoulder as I tried to snap 
her out of her shock. With the mutated queen snarler almost upon us we just managed 
to avoid her sharp claws before she landed hard on the ground.
Without the luxury to even look back, we made our way past the minions and into the 
hall when I see the mutated queen crawling her way towards us. I guess my last attack 
did some damage because it wasn’t freely mobile as it awkwardly limped towards us, 
using its claws to drag its body.
Reaching the end of the hall where the stairs began to ascend, I noticed something odd 
about the queen snarler that was just a couple meters away from us.
Well… every bit of that mutated queen was odd, but this was different. As it reached 
closer and closer to the beginning of the staircase where we were, its face and body 
began pulsating. Tumors began growing sporadically in random parts of its body and 
face.
Don’t tell me…
“BOOM!”
Before Professor Glory could even turn around, the force of the explosion pushed her 
forward while she lost her grasp of me, who was still on her shoulder.
As if that wasn’t bad enough, the explosion caused by the queen opened up a large 
hole.
“ARTHUR!” Through gritted teeth, I heard my professor’s desperate cry as she reached 
her hand out for me, but it was too late.
“Save Tess!” I call back out weakly before using my last bit of mana I’ve been gathering 
for the short amount of time to augment my body.
After what seemed like hours of falling while being knocked between various rocks 
that also fell down along with me from the explosion, the speed at which I’m dropping 
down keeps me from stabilizing myself. I spread my arms and legs, desperately trying 
to find anything to grab onto to stop myself before I become a splatter mark on the 
ground where I land. Fortunately, my right hand catches onto a jutted tree root. 
Unfortunately, that was the arm that was dislocated not too long ago so the sudden 
jolt sends a sharp pain that makes me want to bite through my lower lip.
Dangling with my right arm that feels like it’s about to rip off, I send Sylvie a mental 
transmission.
‘Sylv. Are you there? I fell quite a bit down but I’m still okay. Do you sense where I am?’
“…”
There’s no response. I can’t even sense my bond. I immediately start worrying if 
something happened to her, but with the queen snarler dead and the rest trapped 
inside the dungeon, I don’t think that was the case. It was more likely that I was either 
too deep down, which I doubt, or that something in this area is warded off and sealed 
from the outside, or more accurately the surface.
By the extent of how much I fell down, I doubt I was on any of the immediate floors 
below it. Did the explosion unveil a hidden passage to some room somewhere inside 
the dungeon?
Speaking about explosions, the explosion caused by the mutated queen snarler was 
odd. The blast was big, but I got the feeling that the explosion wasn’t meant to kill 
whoever was near it. If that were the case, my body, along with Professor Glory’s, 
would be in a much worse state than it is now.
“Ugh…” As I continue dangling on my injured arm, I feel myself losing grip. I let out a 
couple quick breaths to ready myself before I pull myself up with right arm up enough 
so my left arm could take its place.
“Ergghh!” Through gritted teeth, I resist the temptation to just let go and leave it up to 
God or the gods or any gods, whatever they worshiped in this world, if any.
As I now hang on my left arm, I test to make sure my right arm isn’t dislocated again. 
Thankfully, it still seems to be in its right place.
After a quick assessment of my body’s condition, I look around, except all I see is 
darkness. It wasn’t as simple as it simply being dark; it was pitch black. That feeling of 
when you shut your eyes so hard that it seems like different lights are oozing around 
in your vision or that feeling where no matter how hard you squint, your eyes can’t 
adjust. That was what I was feeling right now.
As I activate my mana rotation, I disperse the mana I have covering my body to only 
my left arm holding onto the branch. I have to use this “break time” to gather as much 
mana I can. Augmenting the little bit of mana I have into my eyes as well in hopes of 
being able to see something, I can only let out a sigh in defeat.
‘I’m not blind… am I?’ I can’t help but think to myself as I augment my eyes again.
Just to comfort my needless worry, I break one of the most basic rules in situations 
like this. I produce a small fire on the tip of my right index finger.
Looking at the warm red and orange flicker of fire on my fingertip I breathe in relief 
before extinguishing the flame.
While vision is an important thing, the last thing you want to do in a dark place like 
this is draw attention to yourself. Now that the enemies here, if any, know of my 
location, I needed to move.
Since I couldn’t see, I use wind to sense the type of space I was in right now. I had no 
idea how narrow or wide this hole that I was in was, but I assumed it wasn’t too wide 
since I hit quite a few objects along the way while falling.
Sending out short, soft bursts of wind, equidistant, around me, I figure out that this 
ditch, for a lack of better words, had a diameter of about 10 meters. The scary part, 
however, was that I couldn’t even sense how far down I was and how much further I 
had to go down until I had a floor to walk on.
What I had to decide now was whether to try and climb back up or make my way 
down. By how much I fell and all of the other debris that fell down along with me, 
chances were that the opening at the top would already be covered. With Sylvie not 
answering from outside, I had no way of knowing if she could open up an exit for me.
That only leaves me with going down.
*Sigh*
No matter how rational and levelheaded I was, I couldn’t help but feel a bit anxious in 
this situation. More so than immediate dangers in front of me, a situation like this, 
where I couldn’t see anything or even sense any life forms made me more edgy. In the 
case where the army of snarlers was in front of us, I knew what I had to do and I could 
think of how to deal with it. Right now, I could neither imagine nor predict what might 
happen in the next couple of seconds, making me all the more tense.
Augmenting both my hands with earth attribute mana, I’m able to bury my hand into 
the side of the giant abyss-like hole, creating a handhold for myself. I position myself 
flat against the side with both my hands dug into the wall to keep myself from falling.
In a steady motion, I pull my augmented hands out of the side of the wall and allow 
myself to fall before I claw my hands into the wall again to stop. The amount of stress 
it put on my arms made me cringe every time but this would be the fastest way to 
make my way down.
Gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go, gripping, letting go. I had to keep my body flat 
so I don’t start falling away from the wall. I also couldn’t wait too long before I had to 
grip the wall again because it would be a lot more dangerous to try and slow down 
after picking up too much speed.
I let out pulses of wind every now and then to try and see how much farther I had to 
go down. Even after around 3 hours of gripping and letting go, according to my 
internal clock, I have yet to sense a floor anywhere close beneath me.
‘How long is this fucking hole.’ Without even the luxury to vent my frustration aloud, I 
was left to rant inside my head using words I think even the most vulgar of adults 
would find inappropriate.
I know everyone warns Adventurers about the dangers and unpredictability of 
dungeons but both the Dire Tombs and even this supposedly low level dungeon has 
proven to cause me more trouble than the times I adventured with Jasmine without 
the use of magic.
I mean, what are the chances that the time when I’m supposed to go into the D class 
dungeon filled with E class monsters, a freaking army decides to welcome us on the 
first floor.
The minion snarlers weren’t even that bad, to be honest. We were stupid for using so 
much fire magic when we had no ventilation but I was handling most of them without 
even using mana.
That Mutated queen was the problem. How the hell was she so strong? Was it because 
she ate the other queen? Is it even possible to just get power ups like that?
As I continued debriefing to myself the events that occurred earlier, I kept gripping 
and letting go of the stone wall, falling down further into who knows where I was now.
As I let go of the wall and fell down, I timed myself before burying my augmented 
hands into the wall again. However, unlike before, my hand wouldn’t go inside.
“What the…”
I desperately tried clawing at the wall but even with the augmentation in my hand, I 
wasn’t able to make even a scratch into the wall.
The surface of the wall was different now. It was smooth; too smooth for it to be 
natural.
I was picking up speed as I persistently tried to bury my fingers into the wall, hopelessly.
‘This isn’t working.’
Careful to let out as little noise as possible while I continued falling, I rhythmically let 
out pulses of wind around me, as a sort of makeshift echolocation. Through sending 
out faint pulses and measuring how long it took before it hit a surface, I could locate, 
in my head, potential footholds and handholds to make my way down.
Easier said than done. The theory worked great in my head but trying it without 
practice proved to be harder than I imagined it to be. There were few handholds I 
could try and hang myself from but my makeshift echolocation technique wasn’t as 
accurate as I wished it would be.
I ended up missing a lot of the potential supports and it just became harder as I picked 
up speed.
Fortunately, I still didn’t sense the floor anywhere close to me so I had time, but if I fell 
down any faster, even if I could grab onto a support, I wasn’t sure if my arms would be 
able to take the stress from stopping suddenly.
As I continue fumbling my arms against the wall to search for anything that may slow 
down or stop my fall, I’m able to finally sense the ground.
Fuck… This isn’t good.
I had about 200 meters before my body becomes a puddle on the ground. That left me 
with about… 6 seconds?
Fuck.
Turning around so that the wall was to my back, I gather all of the mana I saved up ‘til 
now. It would take about 4 seconds to focus enough mana into the spell.
‘Wind Bullet.’ Stretching my arms out in front of me, I unleash a barrage of fist-sized 
bullets of compressed air to the other side of this giant hole I was in.
If I could create enough force to push myself back against the wall, I would be able to 
slow down enough to survive the fall.
*BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* 
*BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM*
As the air bullets collided into the wall about 10 meters away from me, my body began 
pressing harder and harder against the wall behind me from the recoil of the spell. I 
couldn’t do anything besides grit my teeth as I felt the back of my uniform and my skin 
burning off due to the friction.
I could feel myself approaching the backlash stage but I just desperately let out all of 
the mana I could muster up while using mana rotation. As the air bullets continued 
colliding against the other side, pushing me back harder and harder into the smooth 
wall, I approached the ground.
50 meters…
40 meters…
20 meters…
I see a faint light!
10 meters…
5 meters…
“AAHH!!” I feel myself slowing down as the burning pain coursing through my back 
becomes numb.
2 meters before I reached the ground. I let out one last, large pulse of compressed air 
straight below me.
*CRASH*
“!!!!!”
*Cough*
My eyes bulge and the only sound I can make is a painful cough as the jolt shoots 
straight up my body.
I roll forward as soon as I can try and spread out the pressure as much as possible but 
it wasn’t enough.
As I feel my head spinning, I struggle to stay conscious, my vision blurring.
My vision!
As I lift my head up from the ground, faint lights illuminate the area, allowing my 
blurring vision to get a sense of where I was. I seemed to be in a passageway of some 
sort, with small lights along the sides. Further down the hall came a brighter source 
of light.
“Wh-who’s there?” A female voice echoes.
*Cough*
I try answering the frightened voice but again, my voice fails me.
“Please… I need help.”
Again, nothing comes out as my vision continues to fade in and out. I try getting up 
but utterly fail.
“……hold…… on.” My voice comes out raspy and weak but she hears me.
I hear harsh, forced breaths from her before she replies with a weak “okay”.
Sylvia’s dragon will assimilated into my body worked wonders as I felt myself healing. 
My back was scorching from sliding down the wall and my legs feel like they’ve been 
torn apart and taped back together, but I’m able to stand up within thirty minutes.
Looking around to where I landed, I can’t help but shake my head at the complete 
darkness that loomed above me from where I came from. Around me were shattered 
stones and, I think, a limb of the queen snarler that exploded. Near the limb though, 
my eyes notice a reflection coming from under a pile of rubble.
Making my way there slowly, a smile creeps up on my face as I realize what it was. My 
sword! Good old Dawn’s Ballad, was soon retrieved and safely back inside my 
dimension ring after digging it up and pulling it out of the shallow pile of rocks on top 
of it. I put the torn limb of the Mutated queen snarler inside my dimension ring as well, 
hoping to study it if I ever made it back up.
Thinking optimistically, I realized I wasn’t in too bad of a shape. I managed to slow 
myself down enough so I didn’t have any broken bones. The shock went through the 
spine and rattled my brain, making me almost lose consciousness but considering the 
circumstances, I feel like it could’ve been a lot worse. My mana was now beginning to 
recover and with my legs functioning, I made my way to the voice that seemed to have 
gone silent.
“Hello?” I walk through the passageway, using the wall as support.
“I’m… here.” The voice seemed even weaker than it was half an hour ago.
Making my way towards the growing light at the end of the hall, I call out to her again.
As I reach the end of the tunnel, my vision takes a few seconds to adjust from the 
change in brightness after being accustomed to utter darkness for so long.
“This… cough… way.”
“…”
Before I could respond, I almost fall back as I stumble in horror from what I witness.
The warzone created by the hundreds of snarler bodies scattered and piled on top of 
each other seemed like it was from a children’s picture book compared to the scene 
that I can’t seem to peel my eyes away from.
Corpses. Corpses of humans, elves, and dwarves lay dead and some in pieces around 
the cavern that would’ve been considered beautiful.
The once green grass-like moss spread over the ground were dyed red while the 
stream crossing through the cavern had floating bodies with blood spreading around 
them.
There were around forty-fifty corpses, spread out in the cavern with their weapons 
next to them. The damage done to their bodies’ revealed torture as some had their 
limbs torn apart and others had cuts all over their bodies before being beheaded.
*Cough* “Are you… still there?” The weak voice came from my left.
“I can’t see… oh…” My heart drops and I can’t even finish what I say.
The woman that was lying against the wall of the cavern was probably in a worse state 
than the carcasses spread around, split apart.
The woman, elf, it seems, had most of her limbs torn off. Out of the holes where her 
right arm and both legs should’ve been were holes, cruelly sealed by burning the 
wound. Her eyes were gone as dried blood that streamed down from where her eyes 
were stained her cheeks. In the woman’s abdomen, right where her mana core was, a 
sleek black spike was impaled through her and once again, sealed.
“You… How?” I drop to my knees in front of her as I inspect her. Looking at her 
carefully, I feel like I’ve seen her somewhere. I couldn’t quite put my finger on it but I 
recognize her face. Where did I…
The Six Lances… The Six Lances! She was one of the six strongest mages in all of 
Dicathen, chosen to represent the Continent.
“You’re one of the Six Lances!” I can’t help but sputter out.
“Indeed I am…” She lets out a ragged sigh.
“As for how… If you’re asking me how I’m still alive in this state, it’s because he left me 
alive.” Her eyebrows furrow and the dried blood crusted in between her eyelids 
crumble, letting out a faint stream of fresh blood from where her eyes once were.
“He?” I feel like I’m asking stupid questions but I was so lost.
“Yes, he. He calls himself Vritra.” With her left hand, the only limb she had left, she 
slowly reached for something behind her and pulled it out.
Inside her hand was a sleek black stone fragment of some sort. As I squinted my eyes 
and analyzed it, I was suddenly reminded of my time with Sylvia.
As the memory clicked and the pieces were put together in my head, my hand 
squeezed tightly around the black shard as my whole body shook from anger.
I remember why this black stone looked so familiar.
It was part of the horn of one of the black-horned demon that Sylvia first disguised 
herself as and also the very species that killed her.
“Can I keep this?” I realize my palm is bleeding from grasping the shard of the horn 
too hard.
“Pft!” The elven woman, despite her condition, let out a hearty laugh after my question, 
catching me by surprise. Raising an eyebrow while tilting my head, I couldn’t help but 
wonder what’s going through her mind and admire her ability to still be able to laugh 
considering the situation she was facing.
“You’re probably looking at me as if I’ve gone insane, right?” Her face isn’t turned 
directly towards me but she seems to know where I am.
“…I wouldn’t exactly say insane.” That was the only thing I could mumble out after she 
seemingly read my mind.
“You’re a weird one too, asking a dying soldier if you can keep something like that.
Keep it. It won’t hold any value to me anyway.” She lets out a sigh and suddenly, her 
face looks like it’s aged 20 years from the expression she puts on.
“I don’t even know your name, kid, but I’m going to die soon. There’s no need to try 
and be sensitive about that fact.” The elven warrior, putting on a serious face, faces me 
directly when she states this.
“My name is Arthur, and yes, unfortunately, there doesn’t seem to be any way for me 
to save you. I’m sorry.” I put the black shard inside my dimension ring.
“Sigh… I guess it just wasn’t meant to be then. Since I don’t have a lot of time, I’ll tell 
you as much as I know.” My chest felt heavy when she so easily cast aside her hopes 
and accepted her fate.
“My name is Alea Triscan, as you figured out, I am one of the members of the 6 lances 
and those were my troops. Each Lance is in charge of a battalion composed of some of 
the top mages.” She lets out another heavy sigh, and for once, I’m glad she isn’t able to 
witness the gruesome slaughter scene that turned this once beautiful place into a 
grave of mangled corpses
“After the commencement of the 6 lances a few of months ago, we have been training 
to work as a team to clear dungeons and other unknown areas. The 6 Lances rarely go 
on missions together, unless we are to explore an S class dungeon or above.” She 
continues after catching her breath.
“From the direction of your footsteps earlier, it seems you came in from a different 
entrance. This place is actually connected to three dungeons. Which dungeon did you 
come from, Arthur?” Alea struggles to prop herself up more comfortably against the 
wall.
“I came, with my classmates and Professor, from the Widow’s Crypt. Everyone else 
was able to make it back out, but I guess I wasn’t so lucky.” I take a seat against the 
wall next to Alea as I study the carnage displayed before me. I’m able to vaguely 
imagine what happened by how the bodies are positioned and where they got injured.
“It’s probably really gruesome isn’t it? I’m not sure how old you are Arthur, but no one 
should have to see something like this.” Alea chimes in after a moment of silence.
“My age probably won’t correlate too well in regards to situations like this, but you are 
right. No one, regardless of age, should have to see something like this.” I can’t help 
but let out a sigh as well.
“…”
“My troops and I came from an A class dungeon named Hell’s Jaw. We were assigned 
to investigate the dungeon after getting reports of inconsistent sightings inside. The 
Adventurers that came back alive were ones who frequented the dungeon for training.
The ones that made it back were barely alive and they all spoke about how the beasts 
residing within suddenly became stronger and fiercer. Was that the case for the 
dungeon you came from as well?” I notice Alea beginning to talk a bit slower.
“Yeah. Just on the first floor, an army of minion snarlers welcomed us. The minions 
weren’t bad but two queen snarlers showed up. One of the queens, after eating the 
other queen, turned black and its strength jumped a few fold. I suspected this was the 
cause.”
“What do you mean you suspected?! Are you saying you’ve seen that demon before?”
Alea suddenly straightens up and looks towards my directions, surprise evident in her 
voice.
“I’m not sure if it’s the same one, but yes.” I respond frankly.
“The same one? You think there’s more than one?” Alea’s already pale face drains to 
an even whiter color as she asks me this.
“I don’t have definite proof, but I suspect that the one you saw, Vritra, is just one of the 
horned demons out there somewhere.” I reply as I can still recall that night where I 
got separated from Sylvia. The black demon with its horns curving downwards said 
something about causing them trouble. It was just a speculation, but I suspected that 
there were probably more of them.
My mind begins to spin as I think of all the different possibilities and reasons as to 
why they’re doing this. Is this all for Sylvie?
I remember when Sylvia gave the stone to me that I had to protect it all costs. That 
“stone” turned out to be an egg, and of a dragon no less. Was Sylvie such an important 
existence that the horned demons would go this far for?
“What… are you thinking of, Arthur?” Alea lets out a strained cough as some fresh 
blood escapes from the sealed wound where her mana core once was.
I always found it intriguing that, while beast cores were capable of being harvested 
and used as tools to enhance mana, human mana cores weren’t. When a mage dies, 
their mana core shatters and the mana accumulated inside disperses. Was it because 
we gathered mana from the atmosphere that this happens?
There seemed to be a deeper meaning when I think of how humans don’t need their 
mana cores in order to survive, while our mana cores are dependent on us being alive.
This world seems to revolve around whether you are a mage or not, and if you are, 
how strong are you. I feel like the God of this world wants to tell us that life is more 
important than magic, which should be an obvious statement, but a statement which
we seemed to have forgotten.
Before I lose myself deeper into the aspect of a higher being, Alea’s ragged breathing 
snaps me back to reality.
“Are you okay?” That was a dumb question. Of course she’s not okay.
“When my team reached the first floor of Hell’s Jaw, there was nothing off about it; the 
mana beasts were the same ones that were recorded. It was when we reached the final 
floor where the master of the dungeon made its den. The Hades Serpent, which was 
an AA class mana beast, should be something I can beat fairly easily myself.” There 
was no trace of boasting or overconfidence in her tone. It was just a fact for her.
“The Hades Serpent, which was known for the blue fire spouting along its spine, 
looked different. At first, we were confused because it didn’t look like it had any flames 
at all, but when we looked closer, the reason we couldn’t see the flames against the 
black walls of the cave was because the flames themselves were black.
It looked like thick smoke flickering wildly along the spine of the 30-meter serpent.
That particular Hades Serpent, also had a black horn jutting out of its forehead while 
its scales, which were recorded as being a matte grey color, were sleek black…” Taking 
a deep breath, I notice Alea shivering.
“The fight was gruesome. I lost 5 of my men to that Hades Serpent. The fight took 
several hours but I was able to kill it. When we tried to retrieve the beast core though, 
it wasn’t there.” Breaking into another fit of coughs, I run towards the pond and soak 
what’s left of my uniform inside. After rinsing it, I allow the fabric to absorb as much 
water as it can before walking over to where Alea was.
“Open your mouth.” I instruct.
She hesitates for a moment but opens her mouth. As I gently squeeze my soaked 
uniform over her mouth, the water flows out and into her mouth.
“Ah.” She lets out a small yelp before fiercely swallowing water that probably isn’t the 
most sanitary. She whispers a small thank you before continuing on with her story.
“Although we were tempted to go back to the surface, we didn’t manage figure 
anything out thus far, so we started searching for clues inside. One of my men used a 
spell and found that there was a hidden tunnel underneath a thin layer of earth. After 
crossing the tunnel, we arrived here…” As Alea’s voice trembled at her last words, tears 
mixed with blood streamed down the closed eyelids where her eyes used to be.
“H-He was here… when we reached this cavern. I still remember the way he looked at 
us. Those scarlet eyes…” After letting out a trembling breath, she continues.
“My team and I… no one knew what that monster was so we did what our instincts 
told us to do. We raised our weapons… that was our first mistake. I can still picture it 
so clearly. His pale gray skin. His face… it was beastly yet, it looked almost… human.
He looked at us and smirked, exposing his sharp fangs. What threw us off was when 
he talked…” She whispers now, her voice getting weaker.
“Mm.” I respond, just so she knows I’m still there.
“He wasn’t even surprised to see us there. Vritra, he… that thing, just looked at us 
before…”
“Before?” I sit upright as her last statement catches my attention.
“…He gave us two options.” Tears and blood streamed down her once beautiful face 
again as she willed herself to finish what she was about to say.
“H-He looked straight at me, as if he knew instantly that I was the leader, and told me 
that he’d let me walk out unharmed if I…”
“…”
“…He laughed, telling me how he wanted to watch me dismember each of my 
teammates, one by one, in front of him.” Alea was shaking in anger as her only hand 
was clenched firmly into a fist.
That ridiculous proposition would’ve infuriated anyone but looking at the state Alea 
was in right now, I don’t have the confidence to say she made the right decision. Maybe 
her teammates would’ve wanted her to kill them quickly instead of being tortured the 
way they were.
“What was his other choice?” I ask as I gently wrap my hands over her clenched fist.
“He just… scoffed at us and said ‘…or you can try and fight’”. Her blood mixed tears 
stained the torn remains of her clothes as she continued to softly cry.
Unable to find the words to adequately comfort her, I just kept my hands wrapped 
tightly around her clenched fist.
“…”
Moments trickled by with only the sound of running water and Alea’s silent sobs 
breaking the deathly silence.
*Hic*
“We didn’t… stand a chance.”
*Hic*
“I hate to make you relive the scene, but I need as much of the details as possible, Alea.”
I gently stroke her hand to try and calm her.
“He had *Hic* one horn in the middle of his forehead… that curved backwards sharply.” 
She tried her best to talk calmly.
“One horn?” So there really was more than one horned demon! Was it a clan? A race?
My heart starts beating uncontrollably from just imagining a whole race composed of 
horned demons; just one of them could wipe out one of the 6 Lances and her team.
“Y-yes. My strongest single point attack only managed to create a small chip in that 
horn.” Alea seemed like she wanted to ask me something but she continued on, her 
breath getting shorter.
“He… It… Vritra was able to use magic, magic that seemed to defy the common sense 
of any magic I’ve ever seen.” Alea’s lips begin to quiver.
“What kind of magic did he use?”
“Metal. Black metal. He was able to instantaneously conjure metal spikes, blades, any 
sort of weapons from the ground and himself. I don’t even know how to describe it 
properly. It was over too quickly. Half of my team was dead in the first wave of attacks 
that he unleashed with a simple flick of his wrist. When the ones that were still alive 
attacked him, he didn’t even bother to dodge… plates of black metal instantaneously 
materialized and blocked whatever attack that managed to get near him.”
I felt my face tense as I tried to visualize what Vritra’s, and possibly the powers his 
whole race possessed, might be like. It seemed to be conjuring but on a completely 
different level. The way she described it made seem more akin to manifestation or 
even creation of certain phenomena rather than affecting the mana particles already 
existing.
How is that even possible though? Are they capable of just skipping steps in the 
fundamental laws of magic in this world, or were they simply more knowledgeable
and able to do this through a special skill?
*Cough* *Cough*
My head immediately turned towards Alea as blood spurted out of her mouth.
“Vritra… He left after leaving me like this. I’m not sure if he knew someone was going 
to come, but the last thing he said before going was his name… and that Dicathen was 
going to be a warzone…” As blood dribbled down the corner of her mouth, she turned 
her head towards me.
“This may sound preposterous but can you do me a favor?” Alea lets out a faint smile, 
revealing her teeth stained in blood.
“Sure, anything.” Did she have something to give to her loved one back home? Did she 
want to convey a message to her family?
“Can you hold me?” She mumbles.
“…”
“I always thought that I didn’t need anyone… as long as I was strong enough. I never 
had a family or lover… to depend on… but you know? I-I really don’t want to die alone 
right now…” Alea breaks down as she bites her lower lip to stop herself from wailing.
Without saying a word, I wrap my arms around Alea’s fragile neck and waist, bringing 
her chest to mine.
“…I’m scared, Arthur.”
“I don’t want to die…”
I stayed silent, gritting my teeth as, again, was unable to find the words to comfort her.
Softly patting the back of Alea’s head, I felt her breathing become weaker and weaker 
and moments later; she passed away in my arms.



My teeth were clenched the whole time as I willed a hole in the earth below us.
Carefully placing Alea’s cold, lifeless body into the center, I slowly covered her, using 
her weapon as a makeshift gravestone
I couldn’t even laugh at the sick irony that this dungeon happened to be named the 
Widow’s Tomb…
Wordlessly, I spent some time burying each of Alea’s fallen comrades. The once 
beautiful cave layered with a glossy bed of grass and a pond that glittered like 
shattered glass now looked like a national landmark of the fallen; the crude mounds 
of dirt and weapons used as grave markers giving this place an eerie ambience.
After finishing up the makeshift graves, I dragged my not-so-willing legs back to where 
I buried Alea. Kneeling, I placed my hand on the mound of dirt covering the once 
famous Lance. She was considered the pinnacle of power here and was no doubt 
respected and feared by many. However, to me, she was simply a girl, a lonely girl, 
regretful of the fact that she never had someone to love and have someone to love her 
back.
As I looked at her in her final moments, a sense of dread dawned on me. She was 
almost exactly the same as I was from my past life, except she wouldn’t be reborn into 
a different world. With my immediate reincarnation after my previous life ended, I 
didn’t have the chance to even reflect on how I lived. In Alea’s last breaths, she had 
broken down and sobbed, crying how she didn’t want to die like this.
“Damn it…”
I rubbed my eyes as tears unknowingly began streaming down my face, indignant in 
her stead at how her life came to an end.
Sending out another mental transmission to Sylvie, I sighed in defeat when I didn’t 
hear a reply. Slumping back down against the jagged walls Alea and I leaned against; I 
recalled everything the fallen Lance had informed me of. From the information she 
was able to gather, there were a couple of speculations I could make.
One, there were more than just one black horned demon. How many, I wasn’t sure. My 
only hope was that there wouldn’t be many. If one of them can easily kill a Lance or 
gravely injure a dragon like Sylvia, then I was out of my league.
Two, they were definitely after something. I’m not sure what, but my mind keeps 
wandering back to the egg Sylvie had come from that the demon had called a gem. If 
they really were after Sylvie, then avoiding them indefinitely wasn’t going to be 
possible.
Three, there was going to be a war in Dicathen. This continent will be in danger and 
we definitely weren’t prepared. When the demon told Alea that there would be a war, 
though, I felt an underlying tone that the black-horned demons weren’t from this 
continent. Was the new Continent that we just uncovered filled with these demons? I 
shuddered at that thought. Hopefully that scenario wouldn’t come true.
However, the more I contemplated, the more certain I became that there probably 
weren’t that many black-horned demons. If there truly was a race filled with superpowered demons, then they would’ve already annihilated this continent with ease 
instead of sneaking around different dungeons and infecting the beasts. They were 
obviously uncertain whether they could take on this whole continent so they’re going 
about discreetly, at least for now.
What bugged me was trying to guess when the war would be. There was no marked 
calendar and no way to guess. Was waiting the only thing I could do… what we could 
do?
A sharp pain in my hands made me realize how hard I was clenching my fists, leaving 
me looking at the drops of blood running down my forearm.
What I was slowly learning, and what Alea’s death reinforced was the realization of 
how valuable the relationships that I have with my families, with Tess, and with my 
friends are. What I didn’t have in my past life were loved ones I would give my life for 
to protect. I had that now, but I don’t have the strength to protect them; not for what 
was about to come.
For the amount of potential I have, I was getting complacent. That needed to change.
I recalled Sylvia’s message for me after she teleported me into Elshire Forest. Her 
message still rang clearly in my head; her voice echoing that I would hear from her 
again once my core reaches past the white stage.
That was the most certain method that I currently knew of to be able to get some 
reliable answers on what’s going on. I was still unable to break from the threshold of 
dark yellow stage though. After yellow is silver, and then white… sigh… I still have a 
bit to go.
*ROOOAAAAAR!!!! *
‘PAPA!’
My head perked up as I heard a loud crash soon after from the direction of where I fell.
Picking myself up, I dashed towards where Sylvie’s voice came from.
I stopped in front of a cloud of dust and called out to Sylvie.
‘I’m here Sylv, are you okay?’
“FWWWOOOOOSH!”
I covered my face with my arms as the cloud of dust was instantly blown away, 
revealing my precious bond in her full glory.
My heart thumped in excitement as I could see my dragon came into view.
Sylvie had become even more fearsome than when I saw her at the Dire Tombs. Her 
scales aren’t glossy anymore like before; instead, they were now a dignified matte 
black. The two horns she had have grown even longer, going past her snout and 
another pair of horns protruded underneath them. If she looked crudely fierce back 
then, the feeling I got now was more of awe. She appeared as majestic as she did 
deadly. The spikes she had running down her back are no longer there and rather, 
because of that, she seems more refined. Her gem-like iridescent yellow eyes pierced 
through me, making me doubt that she was the one who just called me Papa.
‘Papa! You’re okay!’
Distilling all of the bewilderment that had kept me from approaching my bond, she, 
once again, lifted me up from the ground with the force of her lick.
“Haha! You got bigger again, Sylv!” I beamed a childish smile. Hugging the snout of my 
dragon, Sylv let out a deep purr as she rubbed herself against me, and just for a 
moment, I was able to forget everything I’ve just been through.
Lifting me off the ground with her snout, she placed me on her muscular broad back.
‘Hold on Papa! Let’s get out of here.’ With a powerful snap of her wings a raging gust 
formed underneath us and we were instantly propelled into the air. For some reason, 
the sudden force didn’t affect my body as I comfortably rode on the back of my tenmeter long dragon.
During the flight back up, my bond and I caught up on everything that happened while 
we were separated. She didn’t really understand everything about the demons and the 
upcoming war but she did get the sense that whatever was about to happen isn’t good.
‘Don’t worry, Papa. Whatever happens, I’ll be with you!’ Sylvie’s innocent response left 
me chuckling.
Like a narration of a children’s book, she announced a bit about what she’s been up to, 
which was, not surprisingly, fighting beasts and consuming beast cores. I really needed 
to be there with Sylvie the next time she trains; I was curious as to what she’s capable 
of. Sylvie didn’t really know the distinction between the levels of mana beasts so I was 
left pondering over how powerful she really was.
‘Hmph! I’m really strong, Papa!’
“Haha, I know I know.” Patting the hard scales on Sylvie’s neck, we soon arrived at the 
entrance of the dungeon.
As we landed in front of the ruined staircase leading up to the surface, I took a glance 
back to see the hundreds of minion Snarler corpses. Sylvie transformed back into her 
fox form and leapt on top of my head, taking a couple of spins before perching 
comfortably on my hair.
Augmenting mana into my body, I lightly jumped from broken stair to broken stair, 
careful not to collapse the fragile remains of the staircase that was once worn down 
to an ivory smoothness.
A full moon greeted us as we reached the surface and, as expected, there was no one 
here. I breathed an outward sigh of relief knowing that everyone else made it back 
safely to Xyrus.
It’ll be a several hour trek to the nearest teleportation gate so I decided to hurry. 
However, making sure there wasn’t anyone hiding nearby, I released a pulse of wind 
around me. Taking out the seal from my dimension ring, I carefully inspected it. As I 
was about to put it on, an image of Alea flashes into my mind. I take out the black 
fragment of the demon’s horn, the horn of the demon that killed her.
Instead of putting on the seal, I took a deep breath and put the seal back into my 
dimension ring.
My stomach tightened and my eyes narrowed as a churning sensation stirred inside 
me. No more hiding. I had bigger things to worry about now. I couldn’t be bothered 
with stressing over something like this. This demon horn shard would be my constant 
reminder for that.
‘What’s that, Papa?’ Sylvie’s head popped up as her paw tried reaching for the black 
shard.
“It’s my goal, Sylvie,” I grimaced as determination swelled up in the pit of stomach. 
Patting my bond’s furry little head, I began my trip back.
Needless to say, the guard in charge of the teleportation gate looked fairly startled 
when he saw me. He must’ve received orders to be on the lookout for me because, as 
soon as he verified who I was, he began hurriedly making multiple calls using the 
artifact he had on hand.
Quickly ushering me through the gate, I arrived back in Xyrus feeling a little queasy as 
Sylvie slumbered on the crown of my head. There was a driver waiting for me on the 
other side. Giving me a sympathetic smile he tipped his hat before opening the door 
for me.
My mind wasn’t completely there as I kept thinking of the future. For the first time in 
both of my lives, I felt a heavy burden weighing down on me. The pressure of keeping 
my loved ones safe; I’ve never had that even while I was a King. The weight of a country 
I had no affection for in my previous life couldn’t compare to the few lives I would give 
my everything for in this one.
When I reached the Helstea Manor, I stopped in front of the giant double doors.
Somehow, I couldn’t bring myself to knock on the doors to my own home.
What would my family’s expressions be? It seemed like every time I went out; all I did 
was worry them.
Taking a seat on the top of the stairs, I just let out a sharp, bitter sigh. Looking up at 
the night sky, I could see the faint colorations that supposedly signaled the coming of 
festival. The sky turning blue, yellow, red and green indicated when the Aurora 
Constellate would begin. My eyes focused on a solitary cloud, slow-dancing above me 
without a care in the world. What an envious position to be in.
“Son?”
Lost in my thoughts, I didn’t even hear the door open behind me.
“Hi Dad, I’m back.” I gave him a weak smile.
“Why didn’t you come in? We heard from the teleportation gatekeeper that you arrived 
in Xyrus.” My father takes a seat next to me when I don’t respond.
“Your mother will be fine, Art," he said warmly, gently patting my back.
“I worried you guys again. It feels like that’s all I’m really good for nowadays," I 
chortled, knots churning in my chest as I said this.
I turned my head to my father and see him gazing up at the sky like I was just moments 
ago.
“She really loves the Aurora Constellate. Your mother may not seem like it, but she’s 
strong, Arthur, even more so than me. If you think that all you’ve given us are worries, 
then you’re wrong. Both you and your sister have given your mother and I so much 
more than we could’ve hoped for.”
“I know that you’re not like the normal children your age; hell I’ve known that since 
you were born. I don’t know what sort of destiny you’ll be caught up in, but I don’t 
think it’ll be anything you can’t handle.” The skin around his eyes wrinkled as he gave 
me a reassuring smile.
“…”
“What I don’t want you to do is feel like you’re being a burden on us. All of this guilt 
that you’re feeling right now, the weight that you’re probably feeling, I want you to 
come to us so that we can be there for you. I don’t ever want you to feel like you can’t 
come home, that you aren’t welcome. As long as you have the use of your two legs, I 
expect you to come home whenever you can and let us love you. That is our right as 
your parents. Okay?” My father ran his fingers through his trim, auburn hair in a 
gesture that revealed how he wasn’t used to saying things like this. And just like that, 
the weight that I felt accumulating inside slowly dispersed.
“Got it, Dad.” I managed a more sincere smile this time and he responded with his 
signature foolish grin.
“Come on, let’s go home. Once inside, a more ferocious beast than anything you’ve ever 
faced awaits,” my father whispered darkly before the both of us broke out into a fit of 
laughter.
When we stepped inside the house, the temperature seemed to have suddenly 
dropped. In contrast to the icy atmosphere, though, my mother’s fiery gaze pierced 
down at me from the top of the stairs, the corner of her eyes struggling to keep her 
tears from rolling down her cheeks.
“Hello Mother, I’m… back?” Cold sweat permeated through my pores as a pressure 
akin to an S class mana beast weighed down on my very soul.
I had to admit, I wasn’t looking so sharp. My body was a canvas of nicks and scratches 
and my hair looked like it was probably struck by lightning repeatedly, as if one strike 
wasn’t to its satisfaction. The entire back of my uniform was nonexistent from when it 
was sandpapered away while falling down the hole.
“Arthur Leywin…” My mother’s voice dripped with frost.
Before my mother had the chance to say anything more, a familiar voice instantly 
broke the tension in the room.
“BROTHHERRR!” My baby sister bolted down the stairs past Mother, while stumbling 
on the way down, and took a leap into my bosom, her arms immediately clinging 
around me with the strength of a python on steroids.
“Erk! E-Ellie it hurts…” my voice came out raspy as I gently patted my sister’s head.
*Sniff* “A teacher came and said you… you were lost.” *Sniff*
My sister rubbed her face against my chest, while attempting her almost incoherent 
string of words, as if wanting to burrow herself inside me.
Sylvie stirred awake at this point. With her ears drooping down, she consolingly licked 
my sister’s cheek.
“I know… I’m sorry for worrying you guys… again.” I looked up at my mother as I said 
this, my voice dropping to almost a whisper.
I could tell by her expression that she was torn between whether to scold me or just 
be happy.
Maybe she would do both.
My father took this chance to walk over to my mother and gently lead her down the 
stairs, comforting her.
“There’s a time to be angry, Honey, but now isn’t the time. Look, it’s your son. He’s 
back.” My father’s soothing voice eased the tension between my mother’s brows. As 
her expression softened, so did her will.
Breaking down into sobs, she wrapped her arms around me from the side, triggering 
a chain reaction, thus, causing my sister who was still wrapped around me to begin 
bawling her eyes out yet again.
My mother’s sobs made her soliloquy almost indiscernible; she seemed to switch 
between cursing God to thanking him.
“It’s not fair…”
“Why is my son the one that keeps getting so hurt?”
“Thank God you’re safe!”
My father and I made eye contact and he gave me a reassuring half-smile while he 
gently patted both my bawling sister and mother, both of whom were angrily 
thumping me with their trembling fists while crying.
Their fists didn’t particularly hurt but each trembling strike seemed to gnaw away at 
me; the guilt ate away at my insides, as I stood there motionless, biting my quivering 
lower lip.
It took about a good hour before they calmed down; both my sister and mother 
reduced to a state of heavy panting and constant hiccups.
Somewhere in the middle of our scene, I spotted Lilia’s mother, Tabitha, peeking from 
upstairs. I could tell she wanted to come down and comfort my mother and sister but 
before she could, Vincent pulled her back, giving me meaningful nod.
Eventually, we got ourselves situated in the living room. My sister’s breathing was still 
erratic to the point of worry while she had her arms wrapped around Sylvie. My 
mother was a bit better as her swollen eyes probed for any serious wounds before 
placing a gentle hand on my chest.
“…And let Heaven and Earth heal.” As she ended her chant, a soft white glow enveloped 
my body.
Almost immediately, I felt a soothing warmth covering every wound, even the ones I 
didn’t know I had.
As the healing glow dissipated along with my injuries, I looked at my mother’s 
concentrated face.
I wanted to ask.
Why was it that she could use her healing powers now?
How was she able to heal Dad when he had been struck by the mage on the way to 
Xyrus? I still remembered her desperately healing my father as he ordered me to take 
my mother and run. That was before I fell off the cliff.
I bit my tongue and forced a smile. My father was right; I should wait for her to tell me 
first.
My mother let out a sigh before taking her hand off of my chest. She stared at me, and 
gave me one more firm, wordless hug.
We eventually began talking about what happened. My father took a brief moment to 
tell me how Professor Glory had visited and told them what had happened to me 
before she had to hurry back. All the while, my sister sat wordlessly on the couch, 
curled up with Sylvie, as she seemingly stared at a particular spot on the ground in 
front of her.
On my end, I tried not to make a big deal of what transpired for the sake of my mother.
I skimmed over the fight with the minion crawlers, telling them how there was just a 
bit more than we expected.
Both my parents gave me a face that told me they didn’t believe it was that simple.
They knew me too well.
How much was I supposed to tell them?
My mind lingered towards the fragment of the demon’s horn that floated inside the 
dimension ring I was twisting with my thumb.
The scene flashed through with such clarity, as if plastered into my brain. The 
dismembered corpses… The river of blood… Alea…
Taking a deep breath, I told them the full story. All of it…
…At least until where I landed
I never understood why those old stiffs from the Council in my previous world used 
to say ‘ignorance is bliss’…until now.
Nothing good would come out of knowing everything I witnessed at the bottom of that 
dungeon earlier today.
“When Professor Glory came in yesterday during the middle of the night, she was 
wounded and tired but from her expression, I knew she wasn’t even thinking about 
that.” My mother’s hoarse voice broke the silence that followed after my story.
“She said that you stayed behind with her to save the class. She told me you were a 
hero. But you know what? I didn’t care.” Her voice barely made it to a whisper as she 
trembled slightly.
“More so than some hero, I just wanted my son to come home without being half dead 
every time. What if one of these days…” My mother couldn’t finish her sentence as 
tears began streaming down her face once more.
“Art, you’re only twelve but why does it feel like I’ve almost lost you so many times 
already?” Her voice choked.
“…”
Words failed to form again as I stared blankly at a particular mole on my mother’s arm.
How was I supposed to respond? Her question felt like a trap with no right answer.
“Honey, that’s enough.” My father reached for Mother’s hand and grasped it tenderly.
I realized that, just like how I’m growing, my parents are growing as well. My father’s 
once immature, haughty side had been molded into a mature and gentle demeanor. He 
was still the same father that cracked jokes, but he had a layer of depth now that most 
likely came with raising my sister.
My mother had always been on the mature side but through the years she’s become a 
bit more refined. Associating with the Helstea house and with Tabitha and Vincent’s 
friends had made her more elegant, but right now, she seemed to have reverted back 
to an earlier age when her emotions weren’t as stable.
I didn’t blame her. I would probably be tempted to lock Ellie indoors if she ever came 
home even half as wounded as I had been earlier today.
The rest of the conversation went by a bit more comfortably. Tabitha and Vincent came 
down after noticing that things seemed to have been settled. I hadn’t seen them in 
quite a while so after greeting them, we all took some time to catch up.
Ellie was nodding off to sleep so I carried her to her room, leaving Sylvie with her. Even 
in her sleep, my sister still sniffled from crying so much. Through the night, she didn’t 
say a word. I knew that this episode had been pretty traumatic for her. A professor 
actually visited them, after all, and told them that I was missing. If not for the ring that 
my mother wore telling her that I, at the very least, had not died, she would’ve already 
fainted.
It might actually have been worse for my mother, in this case, to have the ring. All she 
could do was stare at the ring, waiting for it to notify her that her son had died. What 
kind of mother would be fine after going through that?
Getting to my room, I slipped out of my tattered uniform and washed up. I planted my 
face directly against the current of the warm, gushing water, almost wanting it to erase 
what had occurred earlier in the dungeon. Alea’s last moments kept pounding into my 
skull as a constant reminder of how weak I was.
*Knock* *Knock*
“Can I come in?”
“Sure,” I replied.
My father entered, closing the door behind him before taking a seat next to me on my 
bed.
“Arthur, don’t mind too much what your mother said tonight. She may have said she 
didn’t want a hero but we are both proud of what you did back there in the dungeon.
Knowing that my son isn’t someone who’d abandon his allies is something I can take 
absolute pride in.”
I always knew when my father was serious because he would call me by my full name 
instead of my nickname - Art.
“I don’t know what really happened back there in the dungeon and I won’t ask, but 
just know that I’ll support whatever you decide to do.”
I struggled to swallow the knot that formed in my throat upon hearing my father’s last 
sentence. It was supposed to be a supportive statement but all I felt was a sour taste 
in my mouth.
Without giving me a chance to respond, my father stood up and ruffled my hair.
Opening the door to my room, he turned his head and gave me a goofy grin before 
walking out.
I didn’t immediately go to sleep when he closed the door behind him. Instead I sat 
cross-legged and began doing something I haven’t done seriously in a long time -
training.
The dark yellow core inside the pit of my sternum had cracks all over it, signaling that 
I was about to break through soon.
The various noises of the night were drowned out as I keenly focused on the activity 
going on inside me. Wind, Earth, Fire, Water… these were the basic elemental 
attributes that mana had, but that was it; they were merely attributes.
When mana circulates inside the core and throughout the body, it wasn’t distinguished 
as anything other than simply mana. Like the ki in my old world, it was formless, 
attributeless, and pure. Over time, mana will adapt to its surroundings and form 
attributes. For example, near regions in the north where there is much more snow and 
water, magic pertaining to those elements will obviously become stronger due to the 
attributes of the mana. The mana, depending on the environment, slowly changes and 
contains attributes to better exist there.
As mages, we are able to absorb, purify and guide mana with our will into different 
shapes and forms that we call spells.
The purer our mana core is, the higher the capability we have in manipulating the 
existing mana inside us. As to how well one utilizes their mana, that will depend on 
how creative, sharp, and skillful the mage is when fighting.
The whole aspect of elements lies in the underlying fact that everyone had elements 
that they are naturally more sensitive to; being able to manifest and shape that pure, 
attributeless mana into an element being the cause.
Alea, along with the other Lances, were most likely white core mages, capable of 
causing widespread devastation if they truly wished to. Yet, Alea had been so easily 
defeated and killed by that black-horned demon.
Every pore in my body took part in absorbing the surrounding mana as the mana 
inside my core swirled fiercely.
*Crack* *Crack*
I imagined the sound of outer layer of my core cracking as the bright yellow 
underneath the crumbling outer shell was revealed.
“Phooo…” As I let out a deep breath, I stood up and opened my eyes to stare deeply at 
my hands. I willed mana out of my body and it began circulating around me.
Letting out an unsatisfied ‘Tch’ I sat back down again and began cultivating once more.
It took me almost the entire night to break through when I had been already on the 
brink anyway.
How much more did I have to train in order to even be on par with those demons? If 
even a white core mage had to give her life to merely chip off a fragment of the demon’s 
horn, what stage did I have to get to?
What would happen after breaking through past the white core stage?
I decided to stay home one more day before heading back to school. I was going to 
come back next week for the Aurora Constellate, but I guess mother and sister 
developed some sort of trauma, that I was going to somehow get hurt every time I left 
home.
I knew that I had people to inform but I owed it to them to be there.
As a change of pace, I was determined to spend time with my family, namely my 
mother and sister. Father left at dawn for work after checking up on me so it would 
just be myself and the girls. Tabitha decided to tag along and after a rather brief 
discussion; they wanted to go shopping. It was fairly apparent to me that they 
wouldn’t take no for an answer.
Sigh…
I could at least use that chance to take a detour, after, to Xyrus Academy. I knew that 
everyone was safe according to what my parents heard from Professor Glory, but I 
shouldn’t keep them in the dark about what happened to me for an extra day. I was 
also a bit worried about the condition of Tess’s assimilation.
I lost count of the many places we visited after the umpteenth store but I didn’t dare 
show my displeasure in front of the girls. While browsing through the stores, I realized 
how ignorant I was. The fact that the only time I browsed through stores was a bit 
after I was first reborn into this world, struck me; this, coupled with the fact that I had 
no noteworthy equipment besides my sword, made me contemplate getting new 
equipment. I still remembered the time when I was slung on the back of Mother and 
got to see all of the small tents filled with merchandise back up in the tiny town of 
Ashber.
Most of my childhood was spent in the Kingdom of Elenoir, more specifically, inside 
the castle. Even the previous time I went shopping with the ladies, we went directly to 
the fashion district so nothing appealed to me. There were some items with protective 
capabilities from either the material it’s made from or from runes etched into the 
inside, but nothing powerful enough to catch my interest.
“Aunt Helstea, are there stores where they sell something that can help me train 
faster?” I asked while we were headed inside a store that specifically sells only scarves.
“Hmm? You mean elixirs? Of course.” Tabitha gives me a confused look as if I had asked 
some sort of trick question.
I’ve never used the elixirs here, but if they were anything like the drugs some 
practitioners used in my old world, then I didn’t want to get anywhere near them.
“There’s actually a small elixir and medicine shop around the corner if you want to go 
take a look while we shop for some scarves…”
That was all I needed to hear before strategically bolting out of the store.
“Thank you! I’ll meet you in front of the store!” I shouted while running out after 
carefully dropping the bags I was assigned to carry.
“Kyuu!” ‘Don’t leave me!’
I saw Sylvie extend a paw out towards me in a desperate attempt to escape Ellie’s firm 
hold on her but I just gave her a look of condolence before running off.
‘Your sacrifice will not be in vain,’ I saluted.
After turning the corner as per instructions, my face crumpled up in bewilderment.
This was a store?!
The corner I turned in led me into a narrow alleyway that thugs had probably used to 
mug unsuspecting passersby. At the end of the narrow alleyway was a dingy shack that 
even rats would find too revolting to live in. The wooden planks that made up the store 
looked like it had been painted with moss and fungus as a musty, stale air emanated 
out, drifting towards me. At least it complemented the sickly green weeds creeping 
out from the bottom of the store as if even they didn’t want to be stuck there.
WINDSOM’S POTIONS AND MEDICINES
I had to tilt my head to read the etched title on the angled sign, which had been barely 
dangling on a single nail.
Did they really sell potions and medicines there? I would be less surprised if they sold 
bottled diseases and poisons.
“Spare some change, young lad?” A haggard voice startled me out of my stupefied 
state.
Beside me, sitting down was a pale old man with a hand reached out towards me, 
palms up.
I immediately took a step back in surprise, instinctively layering my body with mana.
How did I not sense this old man that was almost right next to me?
“You look like you’ve seen a ghost, young lad. I’m but a mere aged man asking for some 
change.” The old man’s face wrinkles as he reveals a pearly white smile that didn’t 
match his ragged state.
“Ah yeah, sure.” I reach in my pocket for a copper coin, using the opportunity to take a 
closer look at him.
With a thick, uncombed bed of pepper-tinted hair that fell down to his slightly 
hunched shoulders, he looked up at me with his milky eyes. The old man’s wizened 
face, though, didn’t come off to me as weak and weary, but intelligent and bright, for 
some reason. I could tell that this man was probably very handsome in his youth, 
which all the more made me feel a bit disheartened seeing him end up like this.
“Many thanks, young lad.” His gnarled hands nimbly grabbed the coin out of my hand 
with a speed that surprised me.
Between his middle and index fingers was a coin that was silver instead of copper
Damn! I gave him a silver coin by mistake! That’s 100 copper coins!
“Wait… I meant to give you this…” I reached into my pocket again and when I made 
sure that this time, the coin in my hand was indeed copper, I looked back up to see that 
the old man was gone.
“What the…” I stood there, bewildered for the third time in the last five minutes.
My money…
After letting a helpless sigh escape my lips, I took a step forward towards Windsom’s 
potion shack. I reached for the handle of the wooden door that seemed like it would 
break upon mere contact when I felt a concentration of mana from the copper door 
knob.
Coating my hand in mana, I wrapped my fingers around the knob, preparing to turn it, 
when a stiff jolt coursed through my hand and up my arm. Thankfully, the mana 
protecting my hand helped me from pulling away so I forcefully twisted the knob, 
opening the door.
*Cling*
As soon as the door unlocked, the shock stopped as well. Pushing open the creaking 
door, I’m welcomed by a breeze of something indescribably horrendous. The stench 
was so strong that it immediately triggered a stream of coughs from me.
“Oh a customer! What can I do for you?” A familiar voice welcomed me.
“You!” I couldn’t help but point my finger at him in both anger and confusion. It was 
the same homeless old man that disappeared after taking my silver coin!
“What brings you in here?” He looked at me with an innocent expression.
*Sigh* “Can I just have my coin back? I need that money to buy some stuff I need… and 
besides, you said you were homeless.” I stuck my hand out towards him.
“No no… I said I was but a mere aged man. Based on the environment where you met 
me and by my appearance and demeanor, you assumed I was homeless.” He wagged 
his finger at me in a scolding manner, as if I was the one in the wrong.
“How about this, you can pick one item here for free as a thank you for the present.”
He answered in a magnanimous manner as he twiddled my silver coin between his 
fingers, mockingly.
My brows twitched in annoyance but I calmed myself down and quickly took a scan 
around the sorry excuse of a store.
“Are you sure there are even items here worth a silver coin?” My voice came out with 
a twinge of frustration in it.
“Of course! I don’t give this chance to just anyone, you know. You just have to choose 
carefully.” The old man’s eyes gave off the excited twinkle of a 2nd rate gambler who 
had a winning hand.
I rubbed my temples to try and calm the boiling rage stirring up inside of me.
The elderly should be respected, Arthur.
The elderly should be respected…
By this time, my nose had become accustomed to the mysterious stench that had the 
power to drive even the most ferocious mana beasts away. Taking a look through the 
shelves caked with dust, I became more and more amazed at how this place was still 
even running.
“Don’t you ever clean this place, old man?” I asked as I slid my finger along one of the 
shelves. I could probably build a snowman out of dust with the amount collected here.
“Are you asking an aged man like myself to do manual labor?” He gasps sarcastically, 
putting on a horrified expression.
“Never mind.” I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at this man. I couldn’t gauge him and 
that made it all the harder for me to trust him.
Making my way past the half-open boxes blocking the path, I go towards the shelves 
near the back of the store.
While scanning through the various vials and containers filled with either murky 
liquid or colored pills, I’m startled by a figure sitting on the top of the shelf.
Dammit, what was with this place?
I couldn’t sense anything inside here until it was right in front of my nose.
The figure became more apparent as I focused on it; it was an almost pitch black cat.
The only part of its body that wasn’t black were the tuffs of white fur in front of its 
ears, but that wasn’t what caught my attention. It was the cat’s captivating eyes. Eyes 
that seemed as if it held the universe inside them. It looked like the night sky with 
bright twinkling stars sprinkled inside each of its eyes, with its white, vertical slitted 
pupil glowing like a crescent moon.
As I stayed fixated on the cat’s bewitching eyes, the cat peered back down at me from 
the top of the shelf with a sense of obvious superiority before it turned back and 
walked away.
Shaking my head, I focused back on the various bottles and containers when a small 
black box catches my attention.
Picking up the plain box, roughly about the size of something you would store small 
jewelry in, I tried to open it. With a small click, the hinge comes undone to reveal a 
small ring inside it. I brought the ring closer to my face when the ‘gem’ embedded onto 
the ring suddenly squirted something out towards me.
Instantly I react by whipping my head to the side so the stream of clear liquid misses 
and lands behind me.
It was water.
“Tch… you dodged it.” I turned my head back to see the old man grumbling while still 
fiddling with my silver coin.
“…”
At this point, I felt like if I stayed any longer I would lose my sanity. First the shocking 
doorknob… now this squirting ring. This old man sure loved his pranks… even his cat 
looked down on me.
I was determined though. If I could get anything inside this store for free, I was going 
to get the most valuable item inside this store.
I must’ve spent at least an hour inside, just combing through elixirs that I didn’t need.
Why would a twelve-year-old need an elixir for hair growth?
“Kyu!” ‘Papa! I’m here!’
A white blur whizzed past the door that was left open and landed on my head.
“Kuu!” ‘Papa, you left me!’ Sylvie puffed while smacking my forehead with her paw.
‘You survived, comrade!’ I smiled, rubbing her tiny head.
“Old man, I can’t find anything I…” I began to say but the expression the old man had 
on his face made me stop. He was the one that looked like he saw ghost this time 
because even his already pale face became whiter. His milky eyes that sagged down 
from old age looked like a full moon, his expression stricken.
“We finally found…”
“You okay old man?” I waved my hand in front of him. The shop owner shook his head 
and let out a cough.
“Yes, I’m quite alright.” His voice quivered a bit, confusing me.
“Anyway, old man, I can’t find anything worth taking back with me, can’t you just give 
me back my money?” I grumbled as I took one last scan through the store.
“You really don’t have an eye for anything.” He walked out from behind his counter and 
strolls to one of the shelves front corner of the store.
“Ah, here we are.” Without even looking back, he tosses back to me a small ball about 
the size of a marble. It was layered in dust but when I wiped it clean, it was clear with 
specks of different colors floating inside it.
“What is this?” I asked as I brought the orb closer to my face to study it, making sure 
it wouldn’t spray me with water.
“Don’t worry, it’s something you’re going to need. Now scat. Teasing you bores me,” He 
shooed me off.
“Okay, okay.” I walked out of the store on my own, taking one last look back at the old 
shack.
As I strolled out of the narrow alleyway, I spotted the black cat gazing at me and then 
Sylvie before turning away as if it had lost interest.
Thinking little of it, I reached the intersection out of the alley and turn the corner to 
see my mother and sister sitting down at a table with Tabitha.
“Hi Brother!” Ellie waved while holding a drink with her other hand.
“Did you find what you were looking for?” Mother asked as she put down her 
refreshment as well.
“I… think?” I scratched my head. I put the clear orb inside my dimension ring to study 
it later but I couldn’t help but think that it wasn’t anything special.
“Oh really? That store is considered famous for having quite the variety of elixirs and 
medicines to help with training. Most of the students in Xyrus go there to shop for 
training materials.” Tabitha got up, picking all of the shopping bags off the floor.
“What? That shabby old place?” I replied, surprised that a bunch of rich snobby brats 
would go out of their way to shop at a rundown shack.
“Shabby? What are you talking about?” My mother and sister got up too, handing me 
their bags nonchalantly.
As we walked towards where the alleyway was, Tabitha turns the corner first and 
pointed towards the shop.
“I wouldn’t say it’s shabby,” She said, a bit confused by my comment.
“Really? If that’s not shabby then I don’t know…”
My jaw dropped along with the shopping bags I was holding onto.
In place of the previous narrow alleyway leading towards the worn down shack, was 
a marble-paved road laid out towards a three-story building with a gold sign that read:
XYRUS ELIXIRS
Throughout the rest of the shopping trip, I was in a daze as my thoughts lingered on 
the transforming alleyway.
Was I already becoming senile?
“Mom… Aunt Tabitha… Do streets in Xyrus… er… move on their own?” The statement 
sounded as crazy as I thought it would be, even though it came from my own lips.
“Huh? Moving streets?” I could almost see the manifestation of question marks on top 
of their heads as they gazed quizzically at me.
“Ahaha… Never mind.” I let out a sigh as I looked back at the street where Xyrus Elixirs 
now stood.
“Did something happen at the elixir store, Arthur?” Tabitha asked.
“You didn’t cause trouble in there, did you?!” My mother followed.
“Do you assume I cause trouble every time I’m away, Mother?”
““Of course.”” Both my mother and sister matter-of-factly responded in unison.
Ouch.
I clutch my chest over where my heart is as I put on a hurt expression, getting a laugh 
out of everyone.
The rest of the shopping trip went by without any other occurrences that broke the 
laws of matter or physics. My new DC uniform had to be ordered from school since it 
was different from the rest of the school’s outfits so I didn’t have anything else that I 
needed to buy.
My mother and sister, along with Tabitha, once again tried to use me as a human 
mannequin. This time, even the teenage store clerks joined in while occasionally 
taking peeks through the changing room curtains with stares comparable to starving 
animals looking at fresh meat.
Was it weird that I feared for my life more so on these occasions than when I’m in 
dungeons?
After hours of shopping, the staggering amount of clothes that filled the numerous 
bags were probably enough to open up a small store. Fortunately, the driver came by 
every hour or so to relieve us of the bulk of our purchases.
Out of that pile, the only clothes that belonged to me were a set of sleepwear that I 
found to be too comfortable to not buy. Supposedly it was made from the wool of a 
particular type of mana beast.
The sun began its further descend from the edge of the city, reminding me that Xyrus 
was indeed a floating plot of land.
As we reached the carriage waiting for us on the other end of the shopping district, I 
noticed that there was a separate wagon attached to the back, holding all the clothes 
and accessories that we (they) bought.
“Mom, I’m going to stop by Xyrus before heading back home,” I said after placing the 
last of the bags I was holding onto the carriage.
“Why? Is something wrong?” A jolt of panic flashed in my mother’s eyes.
“Haha, no. I just thought it wouldn’t be good to keep everyone wondering if I were 
dead or alive,” I chuckled.
“Ahh it was just that. Go on then, of course you should tell everyone that you’re back 
safe and sound. Just don’t make any other detours on the way back,” My mother 
responded, pinching my nose as she gave me a stern look.
“Gotcha!” My voice came out nasally as I reply.
Sylvie and I watched as everyone climbed into the carriage and left. Waving back to 
my sister who was yelling that I had to be in time for dinner, I turned and headed 
towards Xyrus Academy.
Xyrus Academy wasn’t too far from the shopping district but it was still a bit of a 
distance to travel on foot. The sun was beginning to set as we made our way to Director 
Goodsky’s office, which was on the top floor of the second highest building in the 
school, losing only to the bell tower that served as a useful lookout post for the 
Disciplinary Committee.
As the Academy towers got closer, I willed mana into my body and jumped up to the 
roof of a nearby building. Skirting from one building to the next, the view around me 
became an indistinct blur; the only thing clearly visible being Sylvie, who was racing 
alongside me, enjoying the breeze.
Making our way to school in silence, my mind began wandering.
It was when my mind wandered that I thought of things that I would rather not think 
of.
The scene of Alea’s last moments flashed through my mind. How she, in all of her glory 
and mightiness, had still been afraid of dying… dying alone. What if the one that I held 
in my arms hadn’t been Alea but Tess?
My body shivered at the thought.
How was she doing? Was she well? Did her assimilation go through all right? What if 
something went wrong…
No. You can’t think like that Arthur. Positive thoughts…
Gritting my teeth, I willed more mana through my body and sped up.
Without the seal inhibiting me, I felt the deep influence of mana surrounding 
everything. I ran faster, as fast as I could possibly go, as if I wanted to run away from 
my own thoughts.
I felt the wind bend to my will, pushing me forward as the earthen surfaces of the 
buildings almost seem to resonate and keep me in balance by its own will. The 
moisture in the atmosphere kept me cool and even the small flames from the lamps 
burnt brighter as I passed them by.
I’ve noticed before but the more my mana core evolved, the more sensitive I became 
to mana; I can even go as far as to say I’m becoming more integrated to the mana 
around me.
I thought back to when I first met Virion. I wasn’t nearly as sensitive to mana back 
then, but even I could tell that, around him, the mana would fluctuate and move to 
accommodate his presence. Even though both Virion and Director Goodsky were wind 
attribute mages, the way they influenced the mana around them were vastly different.
For Director Goodsky, the mana formed light breezes of wind that danced around her; 
while for Virion, it was the opposite. The mana affected the air around Gramps by 
completely expelling any wind in his vicinity. It wasn’t as apparent normally, but when 
he switched into fighting mode, it felt like even the air was afraid to move near him.
If that sort of phenomenon occurred naturally from just a silver core mage, what 
would it be like when if they broke through to the white stage?
I felt a twinge of regret when I realized that Alea was the only white core mage I’ve 
seen in person so far. Yet, because her mana core was completely shattered by the 
black spike that pierced through her, even the mana disregarded her, as if she was no 
longer loved by nature.
“Kyu!” ‘We’re almost here!’
Sylvie’s chirpy voice snapped me out of my thoughts as I focused my gaze onto the 
light coming out of the window of Director Goodsky’s office.
‘Sylvie, come over here.’
My bond jumps into my arms as I prepare to take off. The academy ground had a 
barrier that repelled anything with a mana core or beast core that wasn't permitted 
to enter. It wasn’t all that powerful since its main function was to notify if there was 
everyone passing through unauthorized. I had my DC uniform in my dimension ring, 
along with the knife that was used for authorization so I wouldn’t set off the alarm; 
Sylvie, on the other hand, might, if she wasn’t attached to me.
Concentrating the mana from my core and willing it to take the form of wind 
underneath the soles of my feet, I leaped off the edge of the building’s roof I was on 
with as much strength as I could muster.
“HAAAAAAAP!”
I felt the building almost giving out as a whirlwind sprung up and propelled me higher.
I must’ve been about 100 meters in the air when I realized that by the trajectory and 
speed I was traveling at; I probably wasn’t going to make it all the way to the building.
“HOLD ON SYLV!”
As the anxiety faded, excitement boiled in me as I yelled over the gushing wind that 
attempted to drown out my voice. Feeling Sylvie’s paws clinging to my shirt, I held her 
tighter as well.
Biting my lip with concentration, I drove all of my unwanted thoughts away.
Shifting my body weight so that my feet were right underneath me, I turned in midair, 
and released a roundhouse kick.
Draft Step
I activated the skill I used against Theo that allowed me to accelerate or change 
direction by using an opposing force of wind to push against my feet. Of course, this 
time, it consumed a lot more mana as I was basically changing direction midair and at 
a much greater speed, but I got the outcome that I hoped for.
With the speed boost I got from Draft Step, I was once again on a collision course 
straight towards the rooftop of the building Director Goodsky’s office was in.
“!!!!!!!!!!!”
Whether it was due to being drunk from the adrenaline rush, or just me trying to 
forcefully get rid of the depressing memories that were always haunting me in the 
back of my mind, I couldn’t help but let out a soul-cleansing roar. The sensation of 
flying through the air like this was different from when I rode on Sylvie.
Just as I realized that I hadn't quite planned my landing, my body already shot through 
the air and crashed against several unidentified objects.
*BOOOOM! *
Despite destroying some of the roof, I somehow managed to land on my feet. As 
expected of me.
“KYU!!!” ‘THAT WAS FUN! LET’S DO THAT AGAIN!’
Sylvie was hopping in circles around me as she continued chirping for a second round.
Patting the dust off of my clothes, I looked up.
From the edge of the building, I was able to see a sight I was never able to experience 
even in my past life.
Xyrus was a floating city; I seemed to have forgotten this fact. I was able to see the 
edge of the city where isolated clouds floated nearby. I continued to be mesmerized as 
the rays from the setting sun hit the clouds at an angle that made them appear fiery 
red. Contrasting against the sun-kissed sky below was a curtain of serene purple that 
was the atmosphere.
“kyu…” Sylvie propped her head up on the ledge as she gazed silently as well.
The word breathtaking wasn’t just an expression in this case. It was as if Xyrus city 
was floating on an endless sea of soft marigold that blended harmoniously with the 
starry night above. The sort of view, that only seemed to be present in fairy-tales, was 
only made possible due to the city’s high elevation.
I took out a metal necklace from my dimension ring and began mindlessly fiddling 
with it.
…
For the time that I stood there leaning against the ledge of the building, I was almost 
able to forget about what happened back in the dungeon; for that brief period of time, 
the world seemed perfect.
“Quite the view, isn’t it?” A familiar aged voice echoed from behind.
“It is…” I replied without turning back.
“It’s my most treasured spot, you know… I come here often when I want to rest my 
mind,” She breathed
“Mm.”
“I see you made quite the landing. I’ll have to have Tricia come clean this all up.”
“I apologize for that; I’ll help as well.”
“I heard your battle cry. I suspect the whole school will be wondering what happened.”
“Haha…” I let out a stifled laugh.
“…”
I expected Goodsky to come join us, but instead, she stayed where she was.
“You’re not going to ask me how I’m still alive?” I asked as my eyes stayed glued to the 
view of the horizon.
“It seemed like it wasn't a good time to ask. I am just glad that you are alive and well.”
Goodsky’s voice was quiet, almost feeble.
“I’m well?” I asked myself under my breath.
“Am I well?” I repeated, loud enough for her to hear. A tinge of sadness evident in my 
tone.
“…”
I looked down at the necklace I was fiddling with. It was a small bloodstained slate of 
metal attached to a crude chain. Engraved on that slate was a picture of six lances 
forming a circle; underneath that insignia were the initials:
A.T.
Tracing the letters with my thumb, I scoffed at how much it looked like a dog tag; the 
same as those worn by soldiers during ancient times in my old world to identify them, 
just in case their corpses were mangled past the point of recognition.
“…What exactly happened down there, Arthur?” Director Goodsky’s voice was hesitant 
as she asked this.
Turning to face her with the best half-smile I could muster, I threw the tag over.
“This was what happened,” I replied as Goodsky let out a soft gasp with one hand 
covering her mouth, while the other held the necklace.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
The Council had handed this simple adamantine tag, engraved with the owner’s 
initials, to each of the Six Lances. This idea had actually been thought up by the 
members of the Six Lances themselves.
When they requested this, they explained to The Council that they needed something 
made of an almost indestructible material so that even if their bodies were obliterated, 
the necklace would still be intact and used as a sort of identification. It would be a 
memento for them; a sort of grim reminder that they could die at any time.
In contrast to the grim faces of the Six Lances, I distinctly remember that The Council 
had joked with them, asking if there was anything even capable of destroying their 
bodies past the point of recognition. I recalled chuckling alongside them, even though 
I knew…
Even though I knew that… There were beings capable of wiping out the crowned 
Lances off the face of this planet.
But why… why am I seeing this tag so soon. It was too early. They shouldn’t be moving 
this early. I estimated that it would take at least another 15 to 20 years before they 
would start making their move.
I thought I had time.
I thought we had time…
“Director?” Arthur’s inquisitive voice shook me out of my daze.
“Ah yes… Arthur, do you mind if I hold onto this? It would be safe for me to assume 
that The Council would want this back.” I took careful notice of the tone of my voice to 
make sure I wouldn’t arouse suspicion from Arthur. The boy was just abnormally 
sharp.
“Things are changing aren’t they.” It was supposed to be a question, but by the tone of 
Arthur’s voice, it sounded like a statement with implied conviction.
Is it wise for me to tell him? Or rather, does he already know something?
“Yes, but it isn’t something for you to worry about. Not yet at least.” I knew my smile 
and comforting words didn’t reach him.
“Arthur, you may forget sometimes-hell, even I tend to forget at times- but you are still 
a child; a strong child with limitless potential, yes, but a child nevertheless. Let us 
adults take on the burden for now; your time will come, whether you wish for it or 
not.” As I said this, I realized this message was more for myself than for Arthur.
Yes, he is a child. It wouldn’t be fair for him to become involved in the affairs of the 
Continent… but if he already knows…
“Did you perhaps… see whatever Alea fought against?” I had to choose my words 
carefully to make sure that my question didn’t give anything away.
“No I didn’t.” The answer was said with full confidence, but for some reason, his 
answer made me second guess myself.
However, no use in suspecting the boy. It wouldn’t make sense for him to hide anything 
about an event like this.
Still… I’m glad he doesn’t seem to have figured anything out.
“I see… Well enough about this topic. You must be worried about how everyone is 
doing.” I let a soft, relieved smile escape as I said this.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The Director’s response somehow left a bad taste in my mouth. She sounded almost… 
relieved at my response.
“Yeah, how is everyone doing?” In the end, I decided to move on. There was no point 
in being skeptical of everyone around me. I’ll just assume she skipped out on asking 
the details for my sake.
“As you may have already deduced, your classmates weren’t all too injured. We had 
them sent to the guild infirmary hall to be cared for and thankfully, most were able to 
come to school today. Professor Glory was actually the one that was the most 
wounded, but she refused to be healed until all of her students were treated. I heard 
she even paid a visit to your family to notify them of your disappearance after 
transporting everyone back.” Director Goodsky chuckled.
“That’s good, that’s good… And how is Tess doing?” I inquired.
Goodsky’s face wrinkled a bit as she displayed obvious hesitation.
“Tess… Tess is okay,” She replied. I could tell she chose her words carefully.
“What exactly do you mean by that?” I raised a brow, urging for a proper response, 
while an uneasy feeling starting to stir within me.
“There were some… complications… in the final stages of her assimilation. Virion is 
currently looking after her but she has yet to awaken.” Her voice was quiet as she 
spoke.
“Complications?” My voice came out a bit fiercer than I intended it to be.
“You need to understand that the final leg of assimilation is when the Beast Will 
struggles the hardest. Right now, Tessia and the Elderwood Guardian are fighting for 
control. Thus far, there has never been a case where the receiver of the will falls into a 
coma to this extent. Based on our theory, there seems to be something particular about 
the Beast Will you gave her, Arthur,” replied Goodsky earnestly.
What… was this my fault? I put Tess in danger…? A flurry of thoughts raced through 
my mind as I tried to think of an explanation as to why such a thing occurred.
There was something particular about the Elderwood? What was it? Yeah, it was 
strong, but was it stronger than other S class mana beasts? I wouldn’t know since it 
was my first time fighting one.
Particular…?
My mind flashed back to the dungeon, and more specifically, what Alea had told me. 
She had mentioned that the black-horned demons were causing the monsters to 
mutate and grow stronger.
Was that what happened? Did I give Tess a potentially corrupted beast core? No, I 
couldn’t have. I remember Alea explaining how the beast core of the serpent she 
defeated had mysteriously disappeared. Shouldn’t that have happened to the 
Elderwood Guardian’s beast core as well then?
“Arthur? Are you okay?” Director Goodsky’s concerned voice stirred me from the deep 
abyss of my thoughts.
“Yeah, just thinking,” I voiced as my eyes glazed over at the night view of the city.
“In any case, Virion is currently looking after her in your training room. Would you like 
to go visit them now?” Director Goodsky gave me a reassuring smile.
“Yeah, I’d like that.”
“Mmm… then go on ahead because, even I, have not been updated on the situation.
Virion has not let anyone in, but I feel like you’ll be an exception. I must make a trip to 
The Council to inform them of what happened.” Goodsky suddenly looked infinitely 
older as she mentioned The Council.
“Is it okay for Grandpa Virion to not be present during The Council meeting?” I asked.
Director Goodsky shook her head before replying, “Virion is in no state to be bothered 
with this matter when his precious granddaughter is currently unconscious. And 
besides, him being there with Tess is the only reason Alduin and Merial can stand to 
be away from their daughter and remain with The Council.”
“I see. Okay, well I hope you keep me informed on this matter.” I made my way to the 
door.
“My only concern is that you may have to be a lot more involved this time than you’d 
wish to be.” Director Goodsky breathed a sigh before a gust of wind enveloped her and 
whisked her away.
As I made my way down by riding the elevator, Sylvie stirred from her sleep.
‘I feel Mama.’
As I walked slowly towards the training room that had been assigned to me, my feet 
seemed to weigh a lot more than they should. I don’t know how I’d react if Tess were 
injured. The only reason I felt it wasn’t necessary to visit everyone else right away was 
because I assumed everyone would be safe.
‘I said I feel Mama!’ Sylvie thumped my forehead with her paw.
“I know!” I waved her paw away before turning my focus back to the giant double door 
entrance that drew nearer.
“Ouch.” The skin under my dimension ring suddenly burned as if something inside it 
wanted to come out.
Ignoring it, as I had more pressing matters, I placed both my palms on the surface of 
the door and pushed it open.
“FWOOOOOM”
As soon as the door swung open, an unfamiliar sinister aura visibly surged forward in 
an attempt to entrap me. This dark fog felt like thousands of thorny vines as it coiled 
around my arms and legs.
“WHO’S TH… ARTHUR?” Amidst the noticeably dark wave emanating from a 
particular focal point, I heard Grandpa Virion’s husky voice boom.
“Yeah, it’s me, Gramps! What’s going on?” I yelled past the sound of what reminded me 
of the crashing of an ocean’s waves against a cliff
“God am I glad you’re still alive, Brat. I think I’m becoming somewhat thankful for your 
cockroach-like tenacity, HAHA! Come over here, I need your help!” Still confused by 
what was happening, I chose to ignore Gramps’ slightly insulting metaphor and 
walked carefully towards him. The aura was getting stronger, and I felt my skin start 
to bleed from small tears, which cut through my clothes.
Willing mana to shield both Sylvie and I, I made my way towards the source of the aura 
using Grandpa Virion’s hazy figure as a guide; each step felt like I was pushing against 
a reinforced wall.
“What in the… Tess?!” As I got closer, I could faintly make out the figure, lying in front 
of Gramps, that was the source of this aura.
When I finally reached Grandpa Virion, I winced from the searing pain caused by my 
dimension ring that seemed to have gotten stronger. Gramps wasn’t in good shape; his 
pale face was drenched in sweat as he tried his best to suppress the oppressive aura 
emanating from Tess, to little avail.
I took a closer look and what I saw made my eyes widen in surprise. Tendrils of vines 
completely enclosed the figure I assumed was Tessia. The thick dark aura made it hard 
for me to make out what it was until now.
“How much time has passed on the outside, brat? I think I’ve been holding in this foul 
aura for the past day or so after she came back from the dungeon.” He gave me a weary 
chuckle.
“What’s happening to her, Gramps?” I didn’t remember anything like this happening 
back when I was assimilating with Sylvia’s dragon will.
“Honestly, I’m not sure Typically, the purpose of assimilation is to enable the host’s 
body to gradually withstand and control the beast will’s power, but in this case, it 
seems to be the opposite. I’m beginning to worry that this beast’s will is trying to take 
over Tess’ body.” Grandpa Virion’s shaking voice was filled with unease…
“How is that possible? I’ve never heard of something like that happening.” My brows 
furrowed as I contemplated a possible cause. My thoughts kept going back to the mana 
beasts that had been corrupted by the black-horned demons.
“I’m not so sure, brat. I feel like that Elderwood you fought might’ve been mutated.” 
Virion’s hoarse voice indicated that he was most likely at his breaking point.
I was ready to take over Gramps, ignoring the burning sensation from my ring that 
was evidently growing more painful.
It happened even before my hands touched the surface of the cocoon Tess was in.
I could instantly recognize the sound of flesh tearing as I instinctively shift my body in 
hopes to dodge in time.
“KYU!!!” ‘PAPA!’ “OII, ARTHUR!”
Both Sylvie and Virion’s voice sounded muffled through the pounding of my eardrums.
A stain of blood began spreading from underneath the remains of my shirt as I barely 
managed to dodge the spear of twisted vines aimed straight for my heart.
My heart pounded with a force strong enough to break out of my ribcage from the 
thought of death looming before me. I almost died. This sensation felt different from 
the other near death experiences I had had. It was almost instantaneous; I could’ve 
died in that split second; and it would’ve been because of Tess, no less.
I knew women were dangerous.
Barely dodging the tendril, I grimaced at the feeling of blood trickling down my cheek.
I almost chuckled at the comical situation stirring in my mind. Grandpa Virion’s hands 
were literally on the cocoon, but as soon as I got near her, a flurry of spear-like vines 
automatically locked onto me for the kill? I knew that, deep down, Tessia was still mad 
at me.
I parried the next dark, spear-like tendril before things became even worse. The 
cocoon that wrapped around Tess began expanding as an uncountable number of 
vines began surfacing from the ground beneath her.
“Kuu!” ‘Papa, you’re okay!’ I heard Sylvie chirp near Gramps.
Grandpa Virion’s shoulders loosened as he let out a sigh of relief. “I thought you almost 
died brat. What’s happening now?”
“Yeah, that was… a little too close for comfort, and I honestly have no clue what’s 
happening now, Gramps. Maybe your granddaughter doesn’t like me so much 
anymore.” I managed to shoot him a smirk, making him chuckle despite the situation 
we were in.
After another thick layer of vines intertwined around the existing ones that formed 
Tess’ cocoon, dozens of tendrils began positioning themselves to, once again, shoot at 
me. Just me.
“Kuu…” ‘What do we do?’
Sylvie, who was perched next to Grandpa, tilted her head in confusion, since the 
‘enemy’ was her mama.
‘I want you to stay with Grandpa Virion. She’s only aiming at me for some reason.’
After dodging the discharge of tendrils, I positioned myself away from Gramps and 
Sylv. Gramps was drained of all of his mana from suppressing the dark aura for almost 
two days straight while Sylv was better off not being used until I knew exactly what 
the implications would be.
What’s more, ‘Tess’ was becoming more creative in her attacks; her next wave of 
tendrils was even laced with sharp thorns. The more I avoided the spears of vines, the 
surer I was that the beast will was dead set on trying to kill only me. It also wasn’t 
helping that my ring was burning to an almost unbearable degree.
Could it be that the Elderwood Guardian’s dying will was hoping to gain redemption 
from me since I was the one that defeated him down in the dungeon? If that really 
happened to be the case, I hope I live long enough to find out.
Frustrated, I withdrew my sword from my dimension ring, but as I did, something else 
came out with it.
While Dawn’s Ballad appeared promptly in my hand, a small shining orb shot out of 
the ring towards the cocoon.
It was the orb that that homeless storekeeper had given me!
The clear orb, about the size of a marble, sparkled with an array of colors as it bolted 
towards the enlarging cocoon.
What the hell?
Grandpa Virion noticed it too but he only gazed at me in confusion; probably thinking 
that I had done it intentionally.
Streaks of light escaped from the crevices in between the vines as the orb sunk into 
the cocoon.
*BOOOOM! *
Before we even had the chance to wonder what was going on, an explosion occurred 
from within the cocoon, revealing a menacing, black haired Tessia.
As the orb sunk into her stomach where her mana core was, Tess’ sickly complexion 
went back to normal… no, beyond normal. Her now flawless pearl skin seemed to 
literally radiate as her black hair turned back into her original gunmetal silver hue.
Tessia was still unconscious, but the vines held her up and unfortun- conveniently 
covering her private areas at the same time…
Her physical appearance wasn’t the only thing that changed. As the orb disappeared 
completely inside her abdomen, Tessia’s body was completely covered in an aura I had 
never seen before; distinctly different from the usual mana existent in the atmosphere, 
in an almost mystical way.
Surrounding her was a scorching flame comprised of brilliant emerald gems. Millions 
of green, leaf-shaped embers made up this unique aura. As the emerald aura 
expanded, the once black vines turned a serene jade green. Even as the mesmerizing 
aura drew nearer, for some reason, I didn’t fear it. Before it reached any of us, the aura 
shrunk back and dissipated.
As Tessia’s figure fell, I jumped up and took out the coat I used while I was an 
Adventurer, swiftly wrapping it around her bare body as I held her in my arms.
The dark aura that filled the training room was completely gone, and more 
importantly, Tessia was safe.
“Mmm… not now, Arthur. Too soon.” Tessia mumbled as her face revealed a coquettish 
smile.
…She was most definitely safe.
“Pfft! Hahahaha!” Relief washing over me, I laughed. I laughed full-heartedly at Tess’ 
sleep talk and just the fact that she was okay.
“TESSIA!” Grandpa Virion came running with Sylvie dangling from his long white hair.
“She’s okay, Gramps. She’s just sleeping now.” I set her down and fell onto my butt as 
all the strength I had left, left me.
Both Sylv and Gramps began meticulously inspecting the slumbering Tessia before 
they heaved a sigh of relief as well.
“…She is okay.” Gramps slumped down next to me while Sylvie curled up next to Tess. 
For a brief moment, we just blankly stared at the other end of the training grounds, 
too tired to even think.
“…”
“So did you get a good eyeful?” Turning my head, I could see Grandpa Virion’s smirk 
grow so wide that I was rather surprised his lips didn’t tear.
“SHE’S THIRTEEN!” I groaned as I fell back on the soft grass-like moss.
“Almost fourteen.” He corrected as he shifted his softening gaze back towards Tessia.
“I’m glad you’re okay, brat. This girl would’ve been devastated if she found out you 
hadn’t made it…”
“…And thank you… for saving my granddaughter back at the dungeon, and now.” 
Virion’s voice grew softer, almost mumbling, as he said this.
“What makes you think I saved your daughter, Gramps?” I replied without getting up, 
using my hands to support my head up.
“Call it a Grandfather’s intuition. With your abilities, I know that if you only thought of 
yourself, you wouldn’t have ended up in dangerous situations like these; so again, 
thank you.” The sincerity in his voice was confirmed as his eyes met mine.
“Ugh, forget it. Don’t get so serious like that suddenly, you’re scaring me.” I rolled to 
my side, my back facing Grandpa Virion.
“So when did you get back? Your family knows you’re alive, right?” Gramps replied.
“Of course. I got home last night and had even spent some time with my family earlier
today…”
“Gramps, I’m sorry. I-I should’ve rushed back. I just assumed that she’d be fine once 
she woke up since she crossed the last leg of assimilating with her beast will back at 
the dungeon. If I had known things could go wrong like this, I would’ve rushed here as 
soon as I got back.” I looked at Virion, almost pleadingly.
Back when I was assimilating with Sylvia’s beast will, I remember Virion explaining to 
me how there was one final wave of struggle from the beast will before the 
assimilation was completely over; how that was normal…
I should’ve prepared for the worst… I almost lost her today.
This thought scared me a lot more than I would’ve ever believed possible in my past 
life.
“Your parents probably had their fair shares of worries raising you, huh?”
Unexpectedly, Grandpa Virion let out a soft chortle.
“Wha… yeah, I guess,” I responded, thrown off by his sudden question.
“You did good in going to your family first. Tessia has her family to take care of her… 
she’s not alone, you know. You probably thought of this when you decided to spend 
the day with them. Your family probably needed you to be there for them as well, since 
you gave them quite a scare. Don’t forget that and don’t be sorry that you spent the 
much needed time with your family.” Grandpa Virion patted my back, consolingly.
I didn’t know what to say. I was thankful that he knew me well enough without 
needing an explanation, or an excuse…
Again, a tranquil silence hung over us until I finally got around to asking the question 
that had been clawing the back of my mind.
“Hey Gramps… how much do you know about the Six Lances?” I asked as my gaze 
focused on Sylvie, who ended up falling asleep curled up next to Tess.
“…The Six Lances? Why the sudden curiosity?” Virion asked after a while.
“…” I didn’t respond.
“What exactly do you want to know about them?” Accepting my silence, he responded 
tactfully.
“How strong are they?” After a bit of thought, I started off with a simple question.
He let out a slow, elongated breath. “Brat, let me start by asking you this: how strong 
do you imagine white core mages to be?”
My brows furrowed as I began calculating how many mages it would take to hold 
down a single White core mage. Since it took roughly around twenty Solid-Yellow core 
mages to hold off a single Silver core mage, would it take less Silver core mages than 
that to beat a white core mage… or was the power level increase exponential?
“I’m not really sure, Gramps,” I finally said, defeated.
“To make it easier for you, we’ll use myself as the figure of measurement. I don’t ever 
recall explicitly telling you this, but I’m a Mid-silver core mage. It would take roughly 
around ten of me to keep one Mid-white core mage at bay, and that’s being optimistic.”
Grandpa Virion let out a chortle.
“Ten of you…” I muttered under my breath.
“Now, Cynthia is a High-silver. Even after being generous, it would take around six or 
seven of her to keep one Mid-white core at bay.” He shrugged as he spoke.
“…”
I couldn’t imagine my current self being able to defeat that many Virions or Goodskys. 
Perhaps if I were to release the second phase of my Dragon’s Will, I might be barely 
able to contend with three Grampa Virions, however, the drawback would be 
tremendous.
“I don’t get it… where did these abnormally strong figures come from, and why haven’t 
they decided to just take control of a Kingdom? I mean, with their strength, it’s not like 
any King or Queen can give them much of a fight. What’s been keeping the royal family 
in power when there are white core mages capable of slaughtering them and their 
armies rather easily?” I asked, trying to make sense of this world’s government 
system.
“You have an excellent point. You’re right, by strength alone, the six lances, or any 
white core mage for that matter, could probably wipe out a kingdom on their own.” He 
glanced over at Tessia to make sure she was still sleeping.
“Before I say anything more, this will need to be an absolute secret from Tessia. I want 
her to stay ignorant of these rather… dark matters… at least until she’s older.” Grandpa 
Virion had a tender smile on his face as he looked at his granddaughter.
“Mm. I’ll keep it a secret.” I nodded.
“I’ll explain where they came from after, but the strength of each one of the Six 
Lances… They are now above that of regular White core mages, but before being 
knighted, most of them were actually only Silver core mages.” Gramps spoke with a 
faraway, peaceful expression.
“Huh? That makes no sense…” I was about to rebut.
“Brat, do you think the royal family, without any major powerhouses in line for the 
throne, could stay in power since the beginning of the three kingdoms?” His peaceful 
expression disappeared as he peered at me with a face clearly depicting his mixed 
feelings.
He continued, “This is classified information shared only to the royal families of each 
respective race, but I’m telling you because, somehow, I know you’ll need this 
information in the future; and I know you’d be able to handle it…”
He let out a heavy sigh that seemed to contain a bit of his very soul.
“Do you believe in deities?”
The world of my past, the world where I came from, still often came to mind. It was a 
life of isolation for me but it wasn’t as if I loathed every moment of my near-forty years 
there. I especially enjoyed visiting the orphanages and playing with the children. Of 
course, most of the boys considered sword fighting and ki training as their form of 
play, so whenever I went, I ended up spending hours teaching them.
I remember one day rather explicitly, when a boy in the orphanage – ah right, Jacob 
was his name – asked me question.
‘Brother Grey, do you believe in God?’ he asked, looking up while tugging on my sleeve.
I never believed in God, or whatever higher being some of the people believed in. How 
can there be a God in a world where your level of martial strength determined how 
you could live your life. Parents who birthed physically weak or crippled babies were 
considered humiliations, often ridiculed by others behind their backs. Those babies, 
even if they did grow up to live past adolescence, would never be able to amount to 
anything. They would have about as much recognition as a fly buzzing in someone’s 
face: annoying, better off dead, useless.
Even a woman, no matter how beautiful and charismatic she was, would only amount 
to a high-class prostitute if she didn’t have at least the minimal strength needed to be 
considered ‘mediocre’ amongst practitioners. Even those old bastards in the Council, 
that sat on their ass all day and used everyone like pawns, were once grand fighters 
and famous figures.
How could a God exist in a world like that? Even if a God or Deity existed in my 
previous world, he certainly wasn’t very merciful or loving, let alone fair.
When that child, Jacob, asked me if I believed in God, I couldn’t answer. These children 
believed, like I once did, that there was a higher power watching over them… 
protecting them.
Again, in this world, I was asked a similar question, but by someone much older than me.
Did I believe in deities… some sort of higher powers that were above us and 
unreachable?
“…”
“I’m not sure. Do deities exist?” The words ‘…in this world?’ almost slipped from my 
mouth.
“Haha! I’ve been asking that question all my life, but I’ve started to think that deities 
might still exist,” Grandpa Virion let out a hearty laugh.
“What made you change your mind?” I tilted my head in curiosity.
“Her.” I thought Virion pointed his finger at Tess, but I realized it was the sleeping 
Sylvie he was directing his gaze at.
“Wait, Sylvie? You think Sylvie is a deity?” Almost choking on my spit, I directed my 
gaze back at Gramps.
“Brat, deities are different from what religious books say about Gods. Deities are 
beings that are able to ascend from what we consider their mortal bodies and fully 
harmonize with mana. Dragons, at least what I’ve read about them, are beings that can 
naturally become deities. They can’t be classified as just S class, or SS class mana 
beasts; if you compare to mana cores, deities would be the level one would reach after 
breaking out of White core stage.” Grandpa Virion looked down at his own two hands 
as he said this, letting out a scoff.
“Here we are, Elves, Humans, and Dwarves alike, at most, barely able to tap into the 
power of a white stage mana core. Yet, there may be beings still existing that can easily 
level mountains and flood valleys… Haaa~” Again, Grandpa Virion had that faraway 
look.
He closes his eyes for a while before slowly opening them again, his gaze shifting 
towards me.
“You’ve read about the war between the three races, as well as the most recent war 
between the Humans and Elves, but compared to those two wars, this continent was 
much more chaotic and dangerous in ancient times. The three races were nomadic 
back then, always on the run from mana beasts. The Humans, Elves and Dwarves all 
travelled separately due to clashes in appearance and culture, but whenever any of the 
races met, we were on fairly good terms… we had to be; we exchanged information 
and traded raw resources that we picked up along the way. This is now known as the 
Beast Era, where the mana beasts were rampant and ruled the continent.”
“I don’t understand. Why didn’t we use magic to drive the mana beasts away? I could 
understand maybe avoiding A-class mana beasts and up, but I don’t see why we were 
so helpless.” My brows furrowed in confusion.
“It’s not that we didn’t, it’s that we couldn’t. Brat, have you ever noticed the painting 
in the main hall of the Royal Palace in Elenoir?” He suddenly switched topics.
“You mean that enormous painting in the living room? I mean, I noticed it at first but 
I couldn’t really make sense of it so I just disregarded it.” I let out an awkward laugh, 
scratching my head.
“Every one of the three Royal Palaces has a painting similar to that one; it is a depiction 
of a powerful deity gifting us with the tool to overcome the mana beasts and put an 
end to the Beast Era.” I couldn’t tell how Virion was feeling as he said all this, his 
expression still a mixture of various emotions.
No matter how ridiculous this sounded to me, Gramps’ tone showed me he wasn’t 
joking as he said this, so I stayed quiet and let him continue.
“This deity appeared in front of three people, and they were the forefathers of what 
are now the three royal families. He bestowed our ancestors with six artifacts, which 
were distributed equally amongst the three ancestors that were chosen by the deity 
to become kings. For the humans, the head of the Glayder family at that time received 
two; the dwarves, the head of the Greysunders family received two, and lastly, for the 
elves, the ancestor of my Eralith family also received two.” Virion couldn’t help but 
smirk after looking at my expression.
“Huh? Why would this so-called ‘deity’ just give the three races these treasures?” I 
sputtered incredulously, not able to hold it in.
“Let me get to that, Brat,” he reprimanded.
“Remember, this was ages before I was born. This knowledge is passed down from 
King to King and my guess is that information may have been exaggerated or skewed 
in certain directions along the way, but this is what I’ve been taught. The three King’s 
weren’t meant to use the three pairs of artifacts bestowed by the deity themselves, but 
were instead meant to be bestowed onto their two most powerful subjects under a 
soul oath through a sort of knighting ceremony. With these powerful artifacts given to 
their strongest warriors, the three races were meant to use the power of the artifacts 
to protect themselves as well as to gain the upper hand in dominating the mana beasts 
as well as other ancient monsters of the time,” He explained.
“I would assume that giving three races super powerful artifacts just begs for chaos 
and war, rather than protection. I’m not so sure about the elves, but if you at least look 
at some of the humans, greed isn’t exactly a rare thing,” I chortled, shaking my head.
“Well, funny you say that because that’s what happened. The artifacts did indeed allow 
the elves, humans and dwarves to work together during that period to further expand 
their area of dominance. A lot of the mana beasts were either killed or driven off to 
what is now known as the Beast Glades, putting an end to the Beast Era. However, 
shortly after, greed did get a hold of the three kings and their subjects. Besides the 
incredible power the artifacts gave to its wielders, it gave them insights on how to 
utilize the source of energy that makes up the world, which we now call mana. With 
this, the users of the artifacts taught it to those who they deemed capable, thus, giving 
rise to the very first batch of mages. Drunk on power, the concept of harmony 
dwindled and soon led to internal strife due to greed,” Virion looked at me with a 
painful smile before continuing.
“The three pairs of artifacts bestowed had different attributes and were divided 
between the Humans, Elves and Dwarves respectively, segregating all of us even 
further. The distinct features in specialization between the three races we have today 
are supposedly due to the artifacts. What had transpired then was: The Dwarves, who 
reasoned that because they are the beings closest to the earth, believed that they 
should naturally be the rulers of the continent. We Elves, reasoned that because we 
were the closest to all living things, we should be the rulers of the continent, while 
Humans, who were able to train in and utilize all of the four major elements, believed 
that the deity naturally wanted to make them the rulers of the continent.” Virion 
looked back at Tess to make sure she was still asleep.
“The first war, which lasted longer than the time they drove the mana beasts into the 
Beast Glades, was what led to the segregation of the three races as well as the 
formation of the three kingdoms. The second war, which you’re more familiar with, 
happened between the humans and the elves. So… going back to the question of where 
the Six Lances came from, can you take a guess?” He tested.
“Wait… so those six artifacts that were bestowed upon your ancestors by the so-called 
deity were given to the Six Lances?” – my mind raced as pieces of the puzzle began to 
fit – “And the artifacts are the reason why they were able to rise past the Silver core 
stage and become White core mages, and also being the reason they aren’t able to go 
against the Council since they are soul-bound, just like the previous users who were 
tied to the first kings,” I exclaimed after coming to a revelation as everything began to 
click.
“The Lances were most likely chosen amongst candidates that were brought up closely 
by the royal family of their respective race, and after they were deemed worthy, they 
were bestowed the artifact along with the soul oath that bound their lives to the kings,” 
I continued.
“Exactly. They were secretly raised as candidates to each wield an artifact. However, it 
wasn’t until the discovery of another continent that the three races decided that they 
needed to unify.” Grandpa Virion had a distant look on his face as he explained.
“One last question. So were the artifacts given to figures in the past as well? How come 
we’ve never heard of them?” I was sitting up by this point, thoroughly focused on the 
conversation and leaning forward as if it were possible to receive information faster 
this way.
“Yes, but this is the first time they were publicized. In the past, wielders of the artifacts 
were always protecting the king and his family from the shadows. It is only now, after 
the unification of the continent that we decided to publicize the wielders. Of course, 
no one else knows that they got their strength through the power of the artifacts. If 
that secret were to be let out, it would most likely cause a coup d’e tat; the greed of 
numerous silver core mages desperate to surpass their limits is not to be looked down 
upon. Who knows what extent some might go to, maybe even destroying the entire 
royal bloodline in hopes to be the new masters of the artifacts,” Virion paused again 
before turning to stare at Sylvie again.
“I imagine your bond has the capability to become a deity. I’m not sure how long that 
would take and if we’d be even alive when that happens, but Arthur, you need to get 
stronger. Call it my own senile intuition but I feel like changes are going to happen 
soon… enormous changes. I just hope that I’m wrong.” This was the first time I’ve seen 
Grandpa Virion have such a worried look on his face.
My mind flashed to the message that Sylvia had left within me after teleporting me to 
Elshire Forest; about how I would hear from her again when I reached the stage past 
White core. I’m beginning to think that maybe these so-called deities weren’t as 
fictional as I believed them to be.
“Mmmm… what’s going on? Why am I sleeping on the ground?”
VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
What in the name just happened? What was that bizarre aura around Tessia? What 
did the boy do anyway?
I was just barely able to spot that orb shoot out and get sucked into my 
granddaughter’s body. It seemed sort of like an elixir, but I wasn’t really able to tell…
Anyway, I’m just glad that she’s safe now.
I almost feel bad for the boy, he had just crawled back up to the surface after falling 
into an underground dungeon- god knows how deep- and now he had to deal with all 
this.
Was I doing the right thing revealing all this information to Arthur?
There was a bitter taste left on my tongue after I finished explaining everything to the 
boy; I forget sometimes that he’s actually younger than Tess.
It’s odd though; I can’t quite put my finger on it, but more and more, my instincts tell 
me that despite his monstrous ability in mana manipulation and latent potential as a 
mage, his cognitive acuteness, his mental capacity that doesn’t belong to a 
prepubescent child, is what’ll make this brat so scary in the future. It’s just that, 
currently, his level of power has yet to catch up to the level of his intellect.
“Mmmm… what’s going on? Why am I sleeping on the ground?”
My ears perked up immediately at the sound of my granddaughter’s feeble voice.
“G-Grandpa? Where am… ART!!!!”
My arms were already stretched out wide, ready to embrace my one and only beloved 
granddaughter, but oddly enough, instead of coming into her grandfather’s arms, her 
body bolts away from me and towards the boy.
My granddaughter… you’re going the wrong way.
“ARTHUR!!!! You’re alive!!” Tess almost knocked the boy back down onto the ground 
from how fast she bolted into his arms.
Meanwhile, my arms stayed stretched out.
Maybe the passing breeze would accept my embrace…
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As Tess’ faint voice reached my ears and with her teary eyes locked onto mine, she bit 
her lower lip to keep herself from breaking down; I stood there at a loss. A wave of 
different emotions, half of which I didn’t even know I could feel, washed over me.
“ARTHUR!! You’re alive!” Her face was already buried in my chest as she finished her 
sentence.
“Yeah…”— I gently petted her hair— “I’m alive.”
I turned to Virion, and I swear I could almost see his petrified body crumbling into bits 
with his lonely arms stretched out.
His head turned like a badly oiled robot, revealing his gaze, which was anything but 
automatonic by the image he projected.
Traitor.
Grandpa should still come first.
You’re dead to me, Brat.
These were the thoughts that might as well have been tattooed across his forehead by 
how blatantly his foul mood was leaking out.
Giving Grandpa Virion a sympathetic smile, I looked back down at Tess who was still 
in my arms. Only when my old robe, that she had been wearing, slipped slightly off of 
her bare shoulder, did I remember that she was completely naked underneath.
“KYUU!”
Sylvie was bouncing up and down trying to get Tess’ attention as the latter clung onto 
me like glue, but to no avail.
‘Twas a shame Tessia wasn’t fully developed… ’
“The last thing I remember was you handing me over to someone. I can only recall bits 
and pieces of what happened after because I was in too much pain then. B-but I heard 
broken pieces of conversations about how you didn’t make it out,” she said as her arms 
were still clinging onto me like an infant koala. The way she looked up at me with those 
tear-filled eyes made me almost lose myself.
“I’ll fill you in on what happened, but for now”—I peeled her off of me, wrapping her 
tighter with the only piece of clothing covering her— “let’s get you decent, Princess.”
“What are you talking…” was all she managed to say before looking down, her eyes 
widening in horror.
“KYYAAAAAAAAA!! NOOOOOOOO!”
*BOOOOOOOOOM! *
Without even the chance to react, Grandpa Virion, Sylvie, and I were knocked back by 
a surge of mana that seemed to have come out of nowhere.
I managed to recover in time, landing on my feet. As I looked to my side, I saw that 
Virion and Sylvie were both uninjured. Surprised, but uninjured.
Not even caring about the throbbing pain in my chest, I stared, slack-jawed at the sight 
before us.
Tess was at the epicenter of a storm of translucent emerald green vines, dozens of 
meters in length, all snapping and whipping around chaotically. What was even more 
strange was that it looked more like an extension of the bright green aura surrounding 
Tess, who was now curled up in the fetal position.
“T-this… mana formation of this magnitude… shouldn’t be possible for her!” Grandpa 
Virion’s stood there, gaping.
“You have got to be kidding me,” I mumbled to myself.
Cupping my hands, I yelled out, “TESS! YOU NEED TO CALM DOWN!”
“SHUT UP SHUT UP SHUT UP! GO AWAY! I CAN’T BELIEVE YOU DIDN’T TELL ME I 
WAS NAKED!” she screamed, her eyes still shut tightly in embarrassment. Something 
told me that those semitransparent tendrils responded to her emotions because they 
were swaying even more fiercely right now.
“Didn’t you learn that telling a screaming girl to calm down never actually calms her 
down?” Grandpa Virion said, shaking his head in mock disappointment.
Of course… I’m the ignorant one I guess.
What good was having been a king? Psh… only the strongest in my country? What 
good does all of that do, Arthur, if you can’t even quell the anger of a 13-year-old girl.
“TESS! It’s your grandfather! Open your eyes!” Virion shouted out this time.
“Huh?”
As Tess peeked from one eye, she finally realized what was happening.
“What’s going on? What is all of this?” The flustered Tess looked to us for help.
“Try controlling your emotions, it’s making your mana flow go out of control,” I tried 
to explain in a more reasonable tone.
Tess looked to Virion, who was nodding in agreement with me.
As realization dawned on her, Tess closed her eyes and began meditating, the 
translucent emerald vines slowly dissipated, fading out of sight.
The three of us rushed to where Tess was curled up as soon as the vines, that seemed 
to be made up of pure mana, disappeared.
“Quick, Gramps, check her mana core.”
I was going off on a hunch, but I was kind of scared to hear the truth.
“That’s just what I was about to do, brat.” Virion rolled up his sleeves and imbued some 
mana into his palms.
“Wait! Art, turn around!” Tess was obviously out of breath but she was aware that 
something was different with her body.
“Sigh… I already saw everyth—”
“NOW!”
“—yes ma’am.”
“Psh… former king? More like whipped dog,” I mumbled to myself as I turned my back 
to them.
“I-It can’t be… Ha ha ha… W-what in the world?” I heard Virion’s trembling voice.
“What? What is it? What stage is her core at, Gramps? Dark Yellow? Don’t tell me… 
she’s at Solid Yellow like me?” I was itching to turn around.
“Half step from Initial Silver. She almost broke through into the Initial Silver stage.”
“WHAT?!” I whipped my head back, causing Tess to wrap the robe covering her even 
more tightly.
Ignoring Tess’s glare and protests, I put my hand on her abdomen… over the robe.
He was right… Even when sensing directly, I couldn’t recognize the extent of her mana 
core, which meant she was at a higher level than I was.
Both Gramps and I fell straight to our bums in utter disbelief.
She broke through out of Light Orange and into the Dark Yellow stage not too long ago.
That means she skipped through all of Yellow and straight into Initial Silver?
This gravity defying news was hard for me to swallow. I took my body’s composition 
for granted; because I’m a quadra-elemental mage, it was a lot easier for me to break 
through, it became distinctively harder to get past bottlenecks once I reached the Dark 
Yellow stage. Not to mention the fact that I broke through at 3 - much earlier than 
everyone else.
The “gifted” students in this academy have ten years to pass the final exam in order to 
graduate. There is no set stage that a student’s core has to reach in this time but on 
average, alumni tended to be around Light Orange stage by the time they graduate.
After reaching that stage, they would be given a seat among the upper echelons of 
practically anywhere they go.
For even the most talented dual-elemental mages, it should take exponentially longer 
for them to make breakthroughs if at all, but Tess had just been able to break that 
common sense and skip straight into the threshold just before breaking into the Initial
Silver stage. That’s potentially a couple decades of cultivation condensed into merely 
a fortnight…
The absurdity of it all…
“What the hell did you give her, brat?” Virion asked. “I’ve never heard of a Beast Will 
tempering a mana core. Or did it perhaps have anything to do with that orb you threw 
at her?”
“What do you mean half step away? What orb?” Tess’ echoed, puzzled by our 
conversation.
“I-I thought it was just some kind of elixir…” I was at a loss for words.
What the hell was that vanishing elixir shop?
“Arthur, if there ever was such an elixir that could do what that orb did just now, wars 
would break loose in hopes to win it,” Grandpa Virion shook his head, still in shock, as 
he imagined everything he just told me, ”How did you get your hands on whatever orb 
that was anyway?”
Oh you know, I got it from a homeless looking fellow that owned a disappearing Elixir 
shop…
“Ha ha ha haha… I got it for a silver coin, Gramps.”
Virion gawked at me incredulously. By his expression, I bet he would’ve been less 
surprised if I told him I stole if from a god.
“I don’t exactly know myself, I kind of got this orb from a peddler but that’s as much 
as I know…” I let out another small laugh in helplessness.
“Can you tell me what’s going on? You guys weren’t actually being serious right?” Tess 
immediately began focusing on her mana core. “No way… m-my mana core is light 
yellow now… and it already has so many cracks on it,” she said as her voice trembled.
“H-honey… you’re actually a peak light yellow core mage now,” Grandpa Virion 
mumbled, almost whispering.
*Thud*
Tess’ eyes rolled back as she fainted, her body slumped against Sylvie’s back as my 
bond moved just in time to catch her.
“This girl just can’t stay awake…” I grumbled as I positioned her more comfortably on 
the grass floor.
“She’s sure to be exhausted after having gone through all of this; her body was under 
constant stress, and breaking through more than 3 stages at once took a toll on her 
mind as well. I guess the realization was the tipping point, haha,” Virion let out a 
chuckle as he picked her up.
“I’m going to take her back to Elenoir through the gate. She needs some rest, and I’m 
sure my son and daughter-in-law are still worried. Kukuku, I’m kind of looking 
forward to how they’ll react to this. Sigh~ Imagine… Tess, a Silver core mage at the age 
of 13,” he boasted with a wide grin on his face. “Do you want to come with me?”
“I’ll pass on that. I know Tess is safe, and she knows I’m safe as well; that’ll have to do 
for now. We’ll catch up when she returns to school,” I replied.
“Mm. I have a meeting with The Council that I’ve been avoiding ‘till now, so I won’t get 
to see you for a while. Get some rest, boy.” Grandpa Virion throws me wink and walks 
out of the training room with Tess in tow.
She was at a higher level than me now…
My mind kept going back to the homeless man and his elixir shop. Was the orb he gave 
me really the reason she was able to break through like that? There wasn’t any other 
explanation otherwise.
“Kyuu~” ‘Papa, I’m hungry!’ Sylvie hopped back onto the top of my head and kept 
thumping my forehead in complaint.
“Haha, me too, Sylv. But before we go back, let’s visit your Uncle Elijah,” I replied, 
rubbing my bond’s ears.
“Kuu…” ‘…But, food.’
“ARTHURR!!” Elijah roared as he nearly head-butted me.
I had an eerie sense of de ja vu, but this scene wasn’t nearly as heartwarming.
“Haa~… there there. Yes, I’m still alive. You can’t get rid of me that easily,” I said in 
consolation, patting my best friend’s head.
*Sniff* “I know… You’re like a cockroach.” *Sniff*
This brat…
I peeled him off of me; again, very similarly to what happened just thirty minutes ago, 
but the person in front of me had a string of mucus hanging off of his right nostril, the 
other end of the slippery secretion attached itself to my shirt.
A friend… my best friend. Elijah was an entity I had now in this life that I so wanted in 
my previous one. A person I could let loose and be a child again with, no matter how 
old or grand I was before.
“Haha! It’s good to see your disgusting face again, pal,” I grinned at him, patting him 
on the shoulder.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
Standing before the heavy iron doors, I took a deep breath. Beyond this entrance were 
the six former kings and queens of this continent. It wasn’t their titles that were 
making me apprehensive, but more so the fact that they were ultimately the ones who 
would shape or destroy the future of this continent.
Even with an augmented hearing spell, I was unable to clearly hear what was being 
discussed on the other side, leaving me to wonder what their course of action might 
be.
What was I to tell them?
What was I able to tell them? I truly had to be meticulous in the words and actions I 
use.
I’ve only gotten a glimpse of the consequences that I would face if I didn’t abide and I 
knew I had no way around it.
It just wasn’t worth it… not at this point.
Was there no other way around this? Was I to just sit and watch this peaceful continent 
that I’ve grown to love crumble without being able to do anything?
It couldn’t be helped; I’ve deviated too far from what I was originally supposed to do.
My hopes in establishing myself and the foundations of Xyrus Academy up to what it 
was today was for the sake of this continent. That we might have some hope…
It’s been too long since the time of war, though. Students wanted to get strong; not to 
protect and fight for what was right but for their own conceited pride. It’s been a longgoing struggle to not only shape up the level of magic in this continent, but also 
instilling proper values.
The only thing I could do for this country now was to prepare the next generation as 
well as get rid of anything that might hinder their plans. I’ve been personally getting 
rid of more and more spies that were being sent out from my homeland.
They were getting impatient. I could tell by some of the toxic traces affecting the 
dungeons that they were beginning their next phase.
It was beginning to become rather difficult for me to keep up my current pace, though.
I could tell Arthur was becoming rather suspicious at times. I had been careless in 
exposing the wound I received from one of the affected mana beasts.
I’m just not sure anymore…
Was I doing the right thing? Would what I’m doing even give us a chance?
I once thought so, but I’m not so optimistic anymore.
Sigh…
The two mages standing guard on either sides of the door were carefully observing 
me, probably wondering why I wasn’t going in. I noticed one was at the Initial Silver 
core stage while the other, slightly thinner mage, was at the Mid Silver core stage; they 
would be considered peaks in this continent, but only in this continent.
I signaled to the guards that I was ready to go inside, letting them inform The Council.
“You may enter,” the knights announced, opening the doors fully.
“—AND I SAID THAT WE CAN’T JUST BE LYING HERE ON OUR ASSES WAITING FOR 
MORE DEATHS! ALDUIN, MERIAL, WHY AREN’T YOU SAYING ANYTHING! ONE OF 
YOUR LANCES IS DEAD!” I saw Dawsid Greysunders, former king of the dwarves 
standing up with his finger pointed at Alduin Eralith, former king of the elves, who 
was seated with his arms crossed and eyes closed.
“Calm yourself Dawsid, before we rashly try and hunt for whoever or whatever killed 
Alea, we need more information. This might be somehow linked to communication 
failures with the Dicatheous. What if, like we suspected, the unknown continent is 
involved and we end up… Ah, Director Goodsky. We received your sound transmission; 
please, have a seat.” Blaine Glayder, the former king of the humans stretched his arm 
to direct me to a nearby empty seat.
“Yes, but it seems that my message was unnecessary,” I respond while taking a small 
bow before sitting down. King Greysunders also reluctantly took a seat in the chair 
that seemed a bit too big for him.
“Yes, Alduin was alerted almost immediately after Alea passed; unfortunately, we have 
no way of knowing how she was killed. Do you happen to know anything, Director 
Cynthia?” Merial Eralith, former queen of the elves, as well as the mother of my only 
disciple, asked me.
I should’ve realized that they might’ve already known thanks to those bestowed 
artifacts I was informed about.
“I apologize. Truth be told, I was not the one that found her body.” Taking out the 
adamantium tag that belonged to Alea, I handed it over to Lady Eralith.
“Who was it that found her body? We need to bring that person here.” Glaundera 
Greysunders, former queen of the dwarves, slammed her palms on the table we were 
situated around.
“That… may be a bit troublesome,” I said, hesitatingly. “You see, the person that found 
her body was one of my students, and that was only by accident.”
“No matter! Just bring that student here. We need as much detail about this disaster 
as possible before we can start slowly unfolding it to the public,” Lady Greysunders 
continued.
“I ensure you, that, the student does not know any more than what we might be able 
to guess. This student simply stumbled into the scene after the battle was long over,” I 
replied while shaking my head.
“Still, are you sure he wasn’t hiding anything from you?” King Eralith spoke up 
solemnly.
“This student is but a child that recently enrolled. He has no reason to hide any details 
from me. I fear he will only be more intimidated if we brought him here, causing him 
to make up details to gain The Council’s favor,” I lied.
I didn’t want to involve Arthur in all of this. Not yet. He wasn’t ready.
“Cynthia offers a valid point. There’s no use in interrogating a student that might make 
up facts to feel like a hero. Besides, she already questioned the student,” Priscilla 
Glayder, former queen of the humans, defended.
“Yes, I was even able to find the scene of Ale… Code Aureate’s death,” I hurriedly 
replied. Maybe they will be able to find something. Indirectly helping them like this 
might prove to be fruitful.
The plan that I was informed of before I had come here seemed to have hastened for 
some reason, but I knew for a fact that it would still take years before the first course 
were to come to fruition. Until then, I had to somehow indirectly help them prepare 
for whatever was coming. Hopefully, I had enough time.
“All right. Then the next course of action is settled”—King Glayder motioned for a 
secretary to come— “dispatch our best tracking mages. We’ll have them find any sort 
of evidence that the perpetrator might’ve left. In the meantime, what is the current 
status on the remaining Lances?”
“Yes your Highness, our best trackers are already assembled and ready. As for the 
Lances, Codes Zero, Ohmwrecker, and Balrog were the first to arrive. We’ve received 
word that Code Thunderlord and Code Phantasm entered the premise not too long 
ago,” the secretary hurriedly announced while his head stayed bowed.
“Good. We’ll update them soon. Until then, make sure not a single word gets out that 
one of the Lances was killed,” King Glayder finished his statement while looking at me.
“Rest assured, the student is not the type to let this information out so easily. I will be 
sure to make it of utmost importance that he keeps the information he has a secret.” I 
answered back at the Council who were all waiting for me to respond.
After I was escorted out, Lady Eralith followed along and pulled me aside, away from 
everyone’s view. “Director Cynthia. How’s my Tessia? I’ve yet to hear back from 
Father-in-law,” her voice quaked with concern.
I shook my head. “I was not updated with the situation either. However, Tessia has 
both Arthur and Virion looking after her. She should be okay, Merial.”
“Mm, I hope so. I’ve barely been able to focus on everything going on because of 
Tessia’s condition. Let me know as soon as you’re updated. This way, at least Alduin 
and I will have the peace of mind to focus on this mess,” she says while handing me a 
sound transmission scroll.
Sound transmission devices were exceedingly costly so most did not have access to 
one, but the Council always had these in stock to send and receive information quickly.
“I’ll be sure to tell you as soon as I find out.” I give her a reassuring smile before letting 
her go back to the meeting hall.
Five silhouettes could be seen waiting in the dimly lit chamber on the bottom-most 
floor. Although the shadows covered the fives’ faces, their voices could be clearly 
heard.
“Heh… So Alea died already?” a well-built man leaning against the back wall with his 
arms crossed scoffed.
“Bairon… watch your tone,” an authoritative, icy voice rang from a proportioned 
slender figure sitting with one leg over the other.
“It can’t be helped that I’m irritated; her dying so pathetically is trampling on the 
Lances’ name,” the man replied.
“Umu… Poor Alea. Mica feels bad for her,” a sweet voice chimed from a figure whose 
body resembles that of a child.
“Aww~ I’ll miss sharing cream puffs with Alea…” sighed a woman, whose seductive 
figure could not be hidden by the shadows.
“Bah! If she died, that just means that was her fate. It was her fate by the deities since 
she wasn’t beautiful,” a muscular figure shook his head in disappointment while 
stretching.
“Old man Olfred, Mica really doesn’t get your sense of beauty, Hmph!” the child-like 
figure pouted back.
“Well I can tell you with certainty that you are indeed the ugliest.”
“Urk! OLFRED YOU MEANIE!”
“Now now, don’t pick on our cute Mica~. How can you say that she’s ugly when she 
has a face cute enough to eat?”
“ERRMPH! Aya, your lumps of –Mmmmph–fat are choking Mica!”
“Stop acting like hyperactive children! As the strongest in this country, this shouldn’t 
phase us!”
“Oh my~ Bairon’s cranky again today. Even though you’re just a Bairon~”
“Tch… says the cow that has no sense of time, getting here the latest.”
“Enough. What did the Council say our next course of action was?”
“Bah! Those ugly old farts are still discussing what’s going to happen in there. They 
can’t compare to my dear King, Dawson Greysunders! Now he is a true beauty.”
“Eww… Mica likes strong pretty boys. King Greysunders is more like an old uncle to 
Mica.”
“Why you ugly midget of a… How dare you insult our most noble king! He is the one 
that blessed us with our powers! King Greysunders, like myself, does not age! We 
merely ripen like a fine wine. The Goddess of Beauty has blessed us after all.”
He thinks he’s so tough and special when Mica knows he’s not even the strongest.”
“What the hell did you say? Do you think that I, Bairon Wykes, next head of the Wykes 
Family, and a Lance personally chosen by King Glayder will stand for—”
“Everyone~ let’s all get along. Let’s not make this older sister get mad, hehe.”
““…””
“Sorry…”
“Tch…”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Hey, Art. I thought we were heading back to your home; where’re we going?” Elijah 
looked at me after noticing we took a different turn on the way back to Helstea Manor.
“There’s a place I need to stop by first. Don’t worry, it’ll be a quick detour,” I answered 
as I sped up with Sylvie on my head.
“Ah! Wait up!”
When we reached the destination, I couldn’t help but let out a disappointed breath, 
my shoulders dropping.
“I thought so…” I mumbled to myself.
“Xyrus Elixirs? Did you need to buy something from here? It’s almost midnight; of 
course it’s closed.” Elijah cupped his eyes over the front glass door, hoping to spot 
someone inside.
“It’s nothing. Let’s head back home,” I let out a sigh. As I was about to turn away from 
the building, a shiny object caught in the crevice of the aged alley leading to “Xyrus 
Elixirs” caught my attention.
As I kneeled down to retrieve it, my eyes narrowed. It was an orb similar to the one 
used on Tess, except, instead of rainbow speckles inside, there were golden flakes 
floating within. Attached to the small marble-sized orb was a crudely written note 
saying:
“Your little Princess will probably need this”
“What are you staring so intently at?” Elijah leaned over my shoulder to see.
I crumpled up the piece of parchment and put the orb inside my dimension ring.
“Let’s head back home first, Elijah. I’ll need to tell my family that I might have to miss 
a couple more days of school after. Go back to school tomorrow and tell everyone that 
I’m okay and safe,” I patted my best friend’s shoulder and gave him a reassuring smile 
in response to his concerned expression.
“Don’t worry, I’ll tell you about everything after I’m back.” With that, Elijah gave me an 
accepting nod back.
The day after~
KATHYLN GLAYDER’S POV:
After finding out what happened down at the dungeon from my brother, I was 
shocked. I almost wanted to blame him, to blame Professor Glory, to blame someone 
but I know it wasn’t anyone’s fault. Why do I always feel this way when it came to 
Arthur?
Besides, he already had the Student Council President. Well, I’m not sure of that, but I 
just have a feeling that there was something going on.
I shook my head. Why was I placing more importance on his love life than his actual 
life?
Arthur is going to be okay, right? He’s just that type of person. No matter what 
situation arises, he always manages to come back with a nonchalant smile on his face 
that always calms me.
I’m confident that he’ll be okay!
I’m sure of it…
“Ugh…”
Surprised that I let out an audible groan, I quickly covered my mouth, hoping that no 
one heard something so disgraceful. After checking that I was alone, I exhaled a sharp 
breath of relief.
It had been rather stressful these days being a disciplinary committee officer. I 
assumed things would stay quiet after the formation of the Disciplinary Committee -
almost to the point of wondering if we were even needed - but recently some 
unforeseen circumstances have been brought to our attention.
Claire Bladeheart, our leader, pulled each of us aside a few of days ago. While 
explaining the cause, she implied that Arthur was an undeniable factor that led to this.
I wanted to rebut then, but I decided to hear her out. Claire had been secretly gathering 
information with Kai, who specializes in stealth. It seems that there was a radical 
group that was dissatisfied with the direction the Academy was heading towards 
recently.
This group was made up of only humans, and from the few faces that Kai was able to 
catch a glimpse of, they were all from rather high up noble families.
One particular noble that was spotted was named Charles Ravenpor. His father was on 
rather close terms with mine, but strictly business. Father would always grumble in 
dissatisfaction after having a meeting with Mr. Ravenpor because of how ill-mannered 
and self-centered he was.
While I was jealous for Claire’s unwavering confidence that Arthur was still alive, she 
was also relieved that Arthur wasn’t here at the moment because he was actually one 
of the main reasons this radical cult-like group started. There was a big faction from 
this group that thought Arthur did not belong in this Academy because of his humble 
background. The fact that he was a professor on top of having the privilege of taking 
upper division classes fueled the already built hatred that some of the envious royal 
students had.
We weren’t allowed to confront them as of yet because of the lack of evidence, and the 
fact that they haven’t really done anything bad, but from the looks of it, there were 
even some professors of this Academy supporting them, making it all the more 
difficult to rashly make a move.
It wasn’t until yesterday, however, that some of the radical group members started to 
act.
It was one of my classmates, Denton. We had the same second period together under 
Arth—Professor Arthur. He was actually one of the students that strongly opposed 
Professor Arthur teaching a class that was so important in building foundations as 
this. However, he warmed up to him, rather he looked up to him now.
Denton… was found battered and naked while hung upside down from one of the 
statues in our campus for all of the passing students to see.
Director Goodsky was still away so her assistant, Tricia, and Professor Glory ended up 
pulling him down and making sure he was okay.
After being questioned, it turned out he had been taken to one of the narrow alleys 
between the buildings in the back and beat up by the radical group. From what Claire 
told me, they wanted to “teach” him how to properly use mana, since they didn’t really 
think Arthur would be good enough to fulfill the “potential” that he had.
My classmate ended up becoming a target dummy for various spells after resisting.
After he finally passed out, they left him hung upside down, stripped naked, with a 
note covering his private part that he should drop out of the plebeian’s class if he didn’t 
want this to happen again.
Since then, having no choice but to act on behalf of Director Goodsky, Tricia has been 
trying to quell the anger from various elven and dwarven parents who thought this 
had to do with racial discrimination since the victim was an elf.
Needless to say, that student is taking a break from school for the time being.
Why was this happening? What was the point of doing this? What good does dividing 
students like this do? Did these students have such a low self-esteem that they needed 
to bring down anyone that they thought was better than them to feel better about 
themselves? Why was it that the more power and privileges someone had, the 
greedier they became?
Is it naive of me to wish for everyone to just work together for our continent?
A dark and gloomy atmosphere clung to the Disciplinary Committee room since the 
accident with Arthur. Claire and my brother didn’t speak at first, the both of them 
blaming themselves.
On top of that was the frustration of our actions being so restricted. Everyone was on 
high alert, as all of the DC upperclassmen were out for surveillance during the 
morning and afternoon while Feyrith and I took watch in the evening, with one of the 
upperclassmen helping us out instead of going to class.
Kai tried to find out their meeting spots but as soon as he had a lead, those places 
would always change. It seemed that they would relocate for every meeting, sending 
each other some kind of code for the new location.
The professors were useless. Most of them were all talk in front of the dissatisfied 
elven and dwarven parents, saying they’ll do their best to find the culprit, but not 
being able to take direct actions because the human parents were also dissatisfied due 
to their children being accused of racial discrimination.
The professors were too tied in their little game of tug of war to be of much help. When 
they try to be on both sides, they end up being on neither.
That was the problem with a school so heavily funded by the parents of the students.
The only one that had the authority to oppose them directly and openly was Director 
Goodsky and she was nowhere to be seen.
It seemed as if her disappearance had allowed this radical group to now openly make 
a disturbance… because she wasn’t here to stop them.
I made it to the Disciplinary Committee room and walked up the stairs listening to 
Claire; the seat where Arthur usually sat, empty
“Things are escalating faster than we thought. I had a feeling that this was the case -
the group is trying to create as much of an uproar before Director Goodsky gets back 
and then go into hiding temporarily after,” Claire announced while leaning forward 
with her arms on the table. The dark bags underneath her eyes told me she hasn’t 
rested since getting back.
I took a seat after everyone acknowledged my presence with a nod, too frustrated to 
verbally greet me.
“I talked to multiple professors about the situation like you asked, but it seems you 
were right. None of them were willing to actively help in finding the crux of the 
problem. They’re turning a blind eye to all of this because of our ‘lack of evidence’,” my 
brother reported through gritted teeth, running his fingers through his hair.
“We already know who one of the members of the groups are so why not just take that 
twerp and interrogate him? I doubt he has the balls to last even a couple of minutes 
before spilling out some secrets,” grunted Doradrea while leaning back on her chair.
“Already tried that but Charles Ravenpor is never by himself these days; he’s always 
surrounded by at least 5 lackeys. It’ll be impossible to take action secretly with them 
there. Besides, we need to think about our actions from the entire academy’s 
perspective.No matter how many things we could get away with, it wouldn’t look good 
if a student was just taken in by us without proper reason,” Kai solemnly shook his 
head.
*Thud*
“What the hell is the point of having something like the Disciplinary Committee if we 
can’t do anything in cases like this?” Theodore pounded his fist on the table, tipping 
over a cup of water.
“It can’t be helped. We know too little about what this group is planning on doing and 
more importantly, what they’re capable of. We have too little information on them and 
it doesn’t seem like there’s only a few of them,” Claire sighed as she sat back down.
“…We need to wait for Director Goodsky to come back,” I said.
“Of course that would be the best thing to do, but we have no idea where she is let 
alone when she’ll come back,” our leader responded.
“If only Arthur was here…” I mumbled aloud.
My brother’s expression turned crestfallen when I mentioned him. They were both 
there and they were trying to stay strong. After getting the students back to the 
hospital, my brother told me that Professor Glory was planning on going back down 
with a reconnaissance team to look for Arthur. She said that there’s a high probability 
that he’s still alive if he survived the fall because most likely, all of the mana beasts in 
the dungeon were on the first floor.
“Kat… I’m sorry but we just can’t factor in Arthur as an element.” My brother tried his 
best in giving me a sympathetic smile.
“…He’ll come soon.” I must’ve said this aloud by mistake because everyone, even 
Theodore, gave me a pained look.
“…”
“Umm, excuse me?”
Every one of the Disciplinary Committee members, including myself, whipped our 
heads at the unexpected voice coming from the first floor of the room.
It was Arthur’s best friend, Elijah.
“Ah, you’re Arthur’s close friend, correct?” Claire, who had a pained expression on her 
face, motioned him upstairs.
“Yes, I’m sorry for intruding. I got to school a bit later than I expected but it’s great that 
you guys are all here. Listen, I know you guys are worried about Ar—”
*BOOOOOOOM!! * *BOOOOOOOM!!! *
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
Holy crap…
What the hell was going on? All I did was miss half a day of school; suddenly Denton 
gets hung up, butt-naked, and now a building was on fire?
We had all just rushed out of the Disciplinary Committee room after hearing the 
explosion. I thought that it was a spell gone wrong or something of that nature.
This… this looked more like a purposeful act of terrorism. Who would do this? Why 
would someone do this? What is going on?
“Fuck! it’s them again,” I overheard Theodore say as if he predicted this.
The ‘them’ that Theodore was talking about, was he possibly referring to the same 
people that beat and humiliated Denton?
KATHYLN GLAYDER’S POV:
I remember one time being lectured as a child by my home instructor. I have little 
memory of why I was chastised, but from what I was told, I had refused to participate 
in class with some of the other nobles’ children; apparently, my mother had thought it 
was a good idea for me to make friends while I was learning.
That hadn’t work out as smoothly as she had hoped it would because I had ended up 
throwing a tantrum on the first day saying that I didn’t want to make friends with 
them because they weren’t princesses like me.
Ignoring the kindly knitted words of discipline from the home instructor, I had barged 
into my room and slammed the door shut, refusing to come out.
Later that afternoon, after the other noble children and home instructor had left, my 
mother knocked on the door even though there was no lock.
She sat down next to me on my bed and ran her fingers gently through my hair; even 
though I couldn’t remember how I responded, what she had said to me left such a 
lasting impression that, even as a six-year-old, I can still almost recall her exact words:
“My little Kathlyn, I know you think you did nothing wrong; everyone gets angry and 
fights for what they believe in. What I want you to know, my little baby, is that before 
you are a princess, you are a person. It doesn’t matter if it’s a king, a servant, a 
powerful mage, an elf or a dwarf. A person is a person.
Everyone is different and that is what makes everyone special in their own ways. Don’t 
hate someone for something that they can’t change. What if people didn’t like you 
because you had round ears or because you had beautiful white skin? Or a perky little 
nose?”
She proceeded to tickle me in each of the parts she mentioned, leaving me in a fit of 
giggles.
My mother was sensible and smart but not in the least bit cold like her appearance 
sometimes implied. She cared for everyone as people, not as humans, elves, or 
dwarves. She disciplined my brother and me heavily when it came to any type of 
discrimination; whether it was social classes or races.
All of us bolted up from our seats at the sound of the explosions and immediately 
headed outside. I couldn’t help but cringe, tightening my fists in both frustration and 
disappointment upon seeing the disastrous scene laid out before us.
There was a thick cloud of smoke rising from the area near the center of the campus.
Behind me, I could hear Claire click her tongue as she continued to mutter a string of 
curses under her breath.
Half of the recently-constructed building was up in flames, while the other half was 
crumbling down, collapsing beneath its own weight. There were students evacuating 
out of the building while some nearby capable staff members and professors were 
already going into the building to look for those stranded or stuck.
“I should’ve known they would aim for this building at some point,” Theodore swore 
aloud as he stomped his foot into the ground.
We hurriedly made our way to the site.
This building was named Tri-Union Hall. It served as both a museum and a monument 
for the alliance between the three races. My mother, who argued heavily to persuade 
the rest of the Council to erect this building was the happiest when it was first built.
She had explained to me that it had been built to be both a symbol as well as a place 
for the three races to learn about the differences in each other’s culture.
For it to have been a target, my assumption could also only lean towards the same 
radical group that had been creating a mess these days.
I strained my eyes, holding my tears back.
Claire ordered Kai to go alert the rest of the professors and staff. When she ordered 
Feyrith and I to help the mages who were already there put out the fire before it 
brought down the whole building, I couldn’t help but notice his expression turning 
from angry to dejected.
I almost wanted to apologize, as if it was my fault. Doradrea didn’t seem to take this 
whole event to heart but I could tell Feyrith wasn’t as emotionally strong. I wanted 
him to know that not all humans thought like this but somehow the words got caught 
in my throat. I was never good at expressing my thoughts like my mother… or Arthur.
While supporting the professors that went inside the collapsing building, I spotted the 
Student Council, minus the President, making their way towards the scene as well.
Without even the time to exchange hellos, we all got to work, the water attribute 
mages helped put out the fire while earth and wind attribute mages kept the building 
from collapsing. A couple of other student mages were already chanting spells in 
harmony by the time we got there.
I didn’t use water attribute spells as frequently after becoming accustomed to using 
the more powerful ice attribute ones but I was still fairly familiar with the spells 
because of the affinity they had for each other.
“EVERYONE, STEP ASIDE!” From behind, a couple of professors were rushing towards 
us, wands already pulled out.
After a few moments of mute chanting, one of the professors that taught an upper 
division magic warfare class, Professor Malkinheim, conjured a thick cloud of mist 
around the whole building.
The other professor, one that I didn’t recognize, supported Professor Malkinheim and 
used the moisture from the mist cloud, which now surrounded the building, to evoke 
multiple water streams. The size of these two spells from just two professors were 
more than three times that of the meticulously prepared spells conjured by over ten 
students.
Within ten minutes, the monstrous fire was out and other professors were rushing 
inside while chanting spells which raised support beams made of earth to hold up the 
crumbling portion of the building.
As expected of professors… they were on a different level.
This train of thought led me to be reminded of the time Arthur had completely 
overwhelmed Professor Geist before taking over his class. Just how strong was Arthur 
then? What would he do in this situation?
Shaking my head, I reprimanded myself for thinking of Arthur again. Why did he pop 
into my mind so often? I needed to stay strong for when he comes back.
He was going to come back, right?
I start chanting again when I spot a group of students hastily making their way out of 
the scene. I thought nothing of it at first until I got a glimpse of the student within the 
group - It was Charles Ravenpor.
Even from this distance, I could tell he was nervously darting his eyes around as he 
made his escape from the scene. When his eyes met mine, he quickly whipped his head 
around and quickened his pace.
Before I had the chance to do something, Theodore, who had been helping an injured 
student, spotted him as well, and without even a word, augmented his body before 
furiously dashing towards Charles.
“AAAHHH! Someone help!” Unexpectedly, the group surrounding him did nothing to 
aid Charles, as he was easily grabbed and picked up by the collar, almost choking; 
instead they acted frightened.
Keeping my wand at the ready, I followed behind my brother who was also rushing 
towards Theodore and Charles.
“We need to ask you a couple of questions. If you would so kindly cut the crap and 
come with us,” growled Theodore as he dragged the flailing Charles.
I usually didn’t condone Theodore’s rash behaviors, but this time - excuse me for these 
crude thoughts - I was hoping he would be a bit rougher with Charles. A small part of 
me, a very tiny part, wanted to stoop down to their level and use the same barbaric 
antics the radical group had to make a statement.
However, before Theodore had the chance to do anything else, a voice interrupted us.
“What’s the meaning of this?!” Professor Malkinheim barked as he blocked Theodore’s 
path.
Professor Malkinheim was of a scrawny build, with his main features being a balding 
head and a beak-like nose. You could tell the professor was rather conscious of his lack 
of hair by how he combed back the hairs growing on his side to try and cover up the 
bald spot on the top of his head.
Professor Malkinheim wouldn’t physically be able to hold someone as thickly built as 
Theodore down, but he had his needle-thin wand pointed directly at Theodore.
“I should be asking you the same thing, Professor!” Theodore snarled back as Charles, 
who was helplessly lying on the floor, had a pleading look on his face.
“I wasn’t aware that the prestigious Disciplinary Committee officers were mere thugs 
that would try to drag an innocent student away,” Professor Malkinheim reprimands 
as his wand stayed trained on Theodore.
“Innocent?! Ha! This brat has been seen multiple times with the radical group you’ve 
been having such a hard time capturing. It can hardly be anything short of guilt by 
association. What, are you protecting a criminal right now?” I could tell Theodore was 
at his last straw as the ground underneath him started crumbling from his gravity 
infused mana.
“Eeek! S-someone save me from this brute! I’m innocent! I s-swear!” Charles, who was 
still on the ground trapped in Theodore’s grasp, started whimpering as the ground 
underneath him started giving out as well.
“Theodore, I understand how you feel, but this isn’t the right way to do things. Taking 
in a student without any evidence besides your word will lead to repercussions from 
parents and maybe even the Council. Please, we can’t afford to be rash right now.” The 
voice came from another professor who helped extinguish the flames; she got in 
between Professor Malkinheim and Theodore, trying to quell the tension.
“Professor Genert is right. Theodore, we can’t go out of line right now. Too much is at 
stake to be reckless. Besides, there are more important things to do than this. We need 
to make sure that no one had been left inside that building,” Curtis said, his face a 
mixture of frustration and helplessness.
*Thud*
Wordlessly, Theodore threw the quivering Charles Ravenpor back towards his 
groupies. He gives Professor Malkinheim one last threatening look before walking 
away.
Professor Malkinheim just clicked his tongue in response and walked towards the 
other direction after yelling at the students who were spectating to disperse.
I shifted my glance towards Charles Ravenpor, who was getting carried away by his 
friends.
His disheveled bangs were covering most of his face but I swear… I saw him smile.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
When I reached the clearing the woods, I heard the faint mumbling of chants with my 
enhanced hearing.
[Wind Cutter]
Dozens of nearly-transparent blades of compressed air whizzed towards me at a 
frightening speed.
Of course it was only natural that all of these spies would be wind mages.
I stood still, waiting for the wind blades to reach me before releasing a sound barrier.
Unscathed, I continued walking while I finished my second spell.
[Pulse Field]
*FWOOM*
The unlucky birds and rodent in the vicinity fell victim and dropped dead from the 
trees that they were hiding in; along with them, a few unprepared spies also took the
brunt and fell from their own hiding places, clutching their ears in agony. I had the 
location to all of them.
Before I had the chance to send out another spell, I was forced to dodge a needle that 
managed to avoid my senses until the last second. Taking a quick look down, I could 
tell the projectile was coated with poison.
“Avier, take the ones to my right,” I stated monotonically.
‘Aye,’ my bond confirms back through mental transmission.
Avier descended from the moonlit sky, and before long I could hear the brief groans 
and howling of the spies that became prey.
A pity that their screams would never be heard.
On my side, I had to control myself to keep at least a few of them alive and able so I 
can get some information out of them.
In the end, only one managed to survive long enough to be questioned…
“GAAAAAAAAHHH!” One of the spies that was currently underneath me wailed.
It was fairly simple to torture him after destroying his mana core. Without magic 
protecting him, his body were simply too frail. I proceeded to crush his bones from the 
inside after giving him the chance to answer my questions. He remained unrelenting.
“Heh! You think I’ll tell anything to a TRAITOR? You made a big mistake. They’re slowly 
regaining their… former strength. Just from the questions you asked, you assumed this 
continent had decades left, huh? Pfft! the people of this continent… will have less than 
ten years before the war begins.” He smirked, spitting the blood congealing inside his 
mouth at my face.
My cheeks couldn’t help but cramp at the confirmation of my fears. Pushing down my 
frustration, I place my hand on the injured spy’s head.
His voice choking on the blood accumulating in his mouth, he croaked, “Long live the—
”
*Vrrm*
Liquid brain matter began leaking out from his ears and blood started dripping down 
from his other orifices as the sound pulse I inflicted on the inside of his skull mashed 
his brain.
Dropping the lifeless body on the ground, I let out a sigh. Turning back, I make haste 
to my next destination, careful to avoid the corpses scattered on the ground.
“Do you mind cleaning up the mess, Avier?” I said apologetically.
“Human meat is too stringy for my taste, but I suppose it will have to do for now.” As 
my bond said this, his owl-like body began to glow before transforming into his 
wyvern form.
With only the moonlight illuminating the woods, the sounds of bones being crunched 
echoed loudly. Avier feasting on yet another batch of spies that came from my 
homeland.
I let out a disappointed breath of air from the fruitless night as I wiped the blood off 
of my face while changing my outer attire. My years on this continent had made me 
too soft. The apathy that I had once built towards death and torture was gone, 
replacing it, a sour taste in my mouth from killing just a few brainwashed soldiers.
But even still… this was too easy…
Were they just a diversion?
Avier, who rarely let me ride on his back, carried me off to our next destination. I just 
hoped that my suspicions weren’t correct.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The night before~
“Do you really have to leave again? You just got here.” My mother heaved a sigh as she 
looked at me from the other side of the dining table.
“Brother, you’re going away again? Are you going to almost die again?” my sister asked 
with a straight face, making her latter question sting all the more. I could tell she was 
pouting by how her left cheek slightly puffed out more than usual despite her trying 
to keep a poker face.
“Eleanor! Don’t say such things to your brother,” my mother chastised as she pinched 
my sister’s cheek.
“Arthur, I consider you grown up now. I know that your decisions were made in 
consideration of your family. Father supports your decision to go… since it’s for the 
sake of your love,” my father affirmed as he gave me a thumbs up, the edges of his lips 
curling upward.
“Oh God, Dad, please stop,” I groaned at the misunderstanding of being taken as some 
kind of hormone-induced pubescent that had just been caught having a girlfriend.
“Hehe!” A giggle escaped from my mother’s lips. Despite her efforts to try and quickly 
cover her mouth and resume a serious face, it was already too late.
I could feel my face burning so I just looked down, shaking my head, unsure of which 
was worse: my parents worrying about me, or them teasing me like this.
Meanwhile, Elijah was quietly sitting next to me, wide-eyed, sucking his lips in to make 
sure he didn’t laugh as well; his expression seemed to be saying, ‘I’m not doing 
anything wrong. Nope!’ making me sigh all the harder.
“Kyu!” ‘Papa will be fine! I’m going to protect him this time!’ Sylvie hopped up and 
down on top of the table.
“It’s only going to take a couple of days, and I’ll be with Grandpa Virion; besides, next 
week is the Aurora Constellate, so I’ll be back home for a while. Like I said in the 
beginning, this matter is serious,” I tried convincing my parents who were already lost 
in their own imaginations.
“Well we can’t keep babying you forever; you are growing up I guess, in more ways 
than one. Just remember that it’s better to take things slow, Art. Though, I’m sure you’ll 
at least do better than your father,” my mother mused as she looked helplessly at my 
father who got caught off guard by this surprise attack.
My father, who had been doing his best in both his duty as a guard instructor and in 
his training, looked like he was just stabbed as the teasing comments pierced through 
his body.
I couldn’t help but give them a wry smile before looking at Elijah.
“Don’t worry, I’ll let everyone know that you’re still alive and coming back soon,” Elijah 
responded as he put his hand on my shoulder while giving me a rather dubious 
thumbs up.
“I will be back soon,” I reiterated while letting out a doubtful breath.
I stood up, giving each of them a final hug, which had become a sort of customary thing 
to do in our family. Sylvie, who was caught in my sister’s grasp, struggled to break free.
Taking a quick glance at both my mother and sister, I made sure they still had the 
Phoenix Wyrm necklace on them just in case.
Seeing the white-gold chain twinkle around their necks, I said one last goodbye to all 
of them and go into the carriage waiting for me outside, Sylvie scampering behind me.
Inside the well-suspended carriage pulled by a large horse, I began fiddling with the 
gold-speckled orb, trying to glean what exactly it was.
Every time I tried imbuing mana into the orb though, there wasn’t any sort of response 
or reaction, almost as if it was just what it appeared to be… a marble.
Clicking my tongue in frustration, I put the orb back inside my ring. The ride to the 
teleportation gate would most likely be the only time I would have to get some sleep 
so I tried to make the most of it.
It is necessary King Grey…
It is of utmost importance to bring stability to our country…
To show the people of our country, YOUR country, that you are their King and that you 
fight for us, it is necessary to kill her…
Kill her, King Grey, so that the world will know not to trifle with your country…
Kill her…
*GASP*
I shot up from the carriage seat. The sound of my heart pounding hammered all the 
way up to my head, and I felt the cold air which leaked inside the carriage against my 
sweat-filled forehead. It took me a bit to realize that I had just been dreaming. Sinking 
back down onto my seat, I wiped the cold sweat off my brows as Sylvie, who must’ve 
fallen off of me when I woke up, jumped back onto my lap with a worried gaze.
As I squeezed my eyes shut, hoping that would help me get rid of the disturbing 
memory that I had forgotten for a while, I felt Sylvie’s rough tongue on the back of my 
hand.
“It’s okay, Sylv. I’m fine,” I assured to her while petting her ears.
Why did that memory have to come up now…
Unable to fall back asleep, I talked to Sylvie to pass the time. It started from small 
conversations about her time when she was training by herself to teaching her about 
the various objects and scenery we passed by during the remaining duration of the 
carriage ride. Throughout the months, Sylvie’s mental growth had been rapidly 
increasing. Her knowledge and maturity had long passed a human of her age.
I wished at times that there would be more opportunities to train with my bond.
Having seen Curtis and his World Lion in duels, I could tell that they spent numerous 
hours training together.
When we arrived at the destination, the moon was still high overhead, illuminating 
the warmly lit floating city of Xyrus. The guard stationed in front of the gate leading to 
Elenoir Kingdom hurried over to us with his left hand gripping the pommel of the 
sword strapped to his waist.
“State your reason for passage and proof of verification,” the rugged guard demanded 
as his left hand eased off from his sword, seeing that I was just a kid.
For some reason, his voice sounded vaguely familiar, and not just in a he-had-acommon-voice sort of way. Shrugging it off and pushing that nagging thought towards 
the back of my mind, I focused on the situation at hand.
Uncertain of what to say, I remembered that I still had the silver compass Virion gave 
me way back when I was a child. It had the insignia of the Eralith family so maybe it 
could be use as sufficient proof.
Wordlessly, I stuck my hand in my pocket and took out the compass from my ring 
outside of the guard’s view and showed it to him.
“Hmm, I asked for the rea… th-this is the… right this way sir. My apologizes for being 
so disrespectful. I had no idea you had such close ties with the royal family.” The crude 
expression was nowhere to be seen as he bowed down and hurriedly went back to the 
gate, activating it.
After the runes around the portal entrance glowed and started humming in a low 
pitch, he jogged back to us with an apologetic look on his face.
“Unfortunately, the gate can’t immediately take you to the inside of the kingdom, but 
it will be in a relatively close vicinity to one of the entrances,” the guard disclosed 
contritely, as if it was his fault.
“Mmm, that’s fine. Thank you,” I nod.
Hmm… it seems this was more than just a simple compass.
The humming coming from portal intensified, while the ancient magic runes opened 
the portal. I turned my head back to see the guard giving me an exaggerated bow.
As my right foot stepped into the portal and I felt the familiar sensation of my body 
getting sucked in; the guard looked up.
The rugged looking guard with scars etched on his face was gone, replacing it was the 
old man from the elixir store.
With a cheeky grin, he gives me a wink before saying, “Have a safe trip, young lad.”
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
By the time the DC officers and Student Council got out of the meeting with the 
Professors, it was already late into the night.
I took that chance to tell them all what I couldn’t earlier - that Arthur was alive and 
safe.
“Yes! I knew it! I knew he’d survive.” Claire had sunk down on her chair in relief as she 
covered her face with her arms, probably to hide the stray tears that were sliding 
down her cheek.
Curtis just let out a huge breath of relief as he leaned back against the wall; but it was 
Princess Kathlyn’s reaction that caught me off guard.
For once, I could visibly see her face brighten as she studied me to make sure I wasn’t 
lying. I could almost see her chocolate-colored eyes twinkle as they narrowed to 
formed a rare smile.
“Thank God,” she muttered over and over under her breath after I reaffirmed the 
information with an awkward nod.
“As expected of my *sniff* rival. Mhmm.” The elf that kept insisting that he was 
Arthur’s rival had a presuming look on his face as though he was the one that saved 
Arthur or something but the mucus leaking from his nose betrayed his expression.
“Heh, I knew the twerp wouldn’t die from just a fall,” The bear leaning back on his chair 
scoffed. Theodore tried to play it off casually but the half-grin he tried to hold back 
told everyone that he was quite glad.
Kai, I think that was his name, responded very indifferently with a smile that looked 
superficially drawn.
“Looks like I’ll get my dual after all.” The buff midget, too ugly to be deemed anything 
but an “attractive” dwarf, nodded in anticipation, her arms crossed to show off the 
bulging veins.
Ugh, I’m recalling some unpleasant memories again.
Fairly obvious that they were all relieved, they didn’t mind that he wouldn’t be back 
to help out with the situation at hand for a bit longer.
Just the opposite, it felt like they wanted this whole fiasco taken care of before Arthur 
and Tessia got back.
This was odd because, more so than the professors here, I felt like Arthur would be 
able to do something about this mess if our Director didn’t get back in time.
I had told the Disciplinary Committee officers about Arthur after the Tri-Union 
Building site was under control. Luckily no one died and only a few students were 
mildly injured. An Emitter brought over from the Adventurer’s guild healed them and 
they were taken to the treatment ward where, before their parents came, they’d give 
their account for what happened inside.
The atmosphere within the academy took a turn for the worse as there was a clear 
split between the students now. The newly admitted elves and dwarves were furious, 
generalizing that all humans were racist brutes, while the prideful human students 
had no intention of taking the blame for the actions of others.
The few human students that did feel bad for what had happened, ended up being 
ostracized by both sides. In the end, they just took a neutral stance, too afraid to say 
anything since at this point, the situation was too volatile; everyone was trying to find 
someone else to blame.
It was weird how people acted more recklessly when they banded together, like they 
got strength from each other. Both sides became more vocal after the building was put 
out and almost turned physical until the professors told them all to disperse.
Restless at this whole event, I ended up stopping by the training room that Arthur had 
allowed me access to. I normally didn’t use it, but since both Arthur and Tessia weren’t 
here, I decided it would be okay.
The guard eyed me funny but the front desk lady named Chloe was friendly enough to 
escort me personally into the room.
“Haaa…” I let out a deep breath as I felt my mana core tremble in excitement to let 
loose.
Unlike Arthur, I’ve been learning a lot since I came to this academy; a lot of practical 
aspects applicable to my magic seems to work differently for me compared to others.
One thing I noticed was that meditating didn’t do much for me. My mana core 
developed and strengthened at its own pace and any conscious effort to refine more 
mana from the atmosphere doesn’t seem to help.
Even without any real effort, I broke through into the light orange stage but after 
reaching this stage, I just can’t seem to make any gains.
I clench my hands into fists and then release, repeating this motion as if my hands 
weren’t my own.
[Earthen Spear]
I feel mana well up in me at the activation of the spell and immediately a rock spike 
shoots up from the ground a couple meters in front of me.
[Earthen Spear]
I cast, this time with more mana imbued into the spell.
Two thick spears of earth shoot up at an angle in front of me. To be honest, even casting 
the name of the spell is unnecessary for me. It’s just become a habit for me so that I 
can keep a firm vision of what I want to evoke but if I practiced more, maybe I could 
even instantly cast multiple streams of spells at once.
[Stone Barrage]
This time, the ground underneath me crumbled as chunks of earth began levitating.
After a couple moments of concentration, I will the rocks to shoot forward.
*BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM* *BOOM*
Only four of the ten rocks I shot actually hit the tree that I deemed as the target, making 
me a bit disappointed.
If I couldn’t meditate to strengthen my mana core like everyone else, I might as well 
get better at controlling the spells at hand.
I learned in my Mana Utilization class what exactly affinity towards a certain element 
meant. For a mage with very little affinity with fire, it basically meant that mage had 
to be a lot more precise in conjuring the spell, which also meant that the vocal 
incantation of the spell needed to be longer. Each verse of an incantation that we chant 
shapes the type of phenomenon we want to have occur. For the rock bullet spell, a 
mage with little affinity would need to have a verse for each step he takes: beginning 
from the shape of the rock, the density, where it would be made from; if you add in a 
spin to the bullet you would need to have verse for that as well. Not forgetting the 
initial trajectory of the spell as well as if you want the rock bullet strengthened so that 
it would pierce the target or if you want it to explode upon impact; all of these would 
add up to a pretty long chant.
All these “factors” of the spell can easily just be imagined by a mage that has great 
affinity with the element. Mages stick with the element that they have the highest 
affinity towards so that they can best utilize their mana and mental capacity.
For me, the earth below me feels like an extension of my body; maybe it was because 
I grew up with dwarves but I always had this nagging thought in the back of my mind 
that even amongst them I wasn’t normal. I didn’t mean not normal in a genius sort of 
way like Arthur was, but in a freak of nature sort of way.
Well, I guess Arthur is sort of a freak of nature in his own way…
It was an odd little train of thought. Those facts about my body or my disposition 
wasn’t top-secret stuff, but I didn’t explicitly tell anyone either. I considered telling 
Arthur about the differences in my body, but I always missed the timing and it just 
didn’t seem urgent enough to pull him aside and tell him.
It was good in a way because I felt like maybe, just maybe, I could someday catch up 
to Arthur if I trained hard enough.
Yeah, I know he’s a solid yellow quadra-elemental mage with a dragon’s will and he 
somehow has freakishly superb skills in close combat but hey, a man can dream, right?
I conjure more spells, half to practice, half to relieve the pent up frustration. I wanted 
to catch up to Arthur, not because I wanted to be better than him, but because I wanted 
to help him. I felt like he always had his own battles he was facing. As his best friend, I 
wanted to have his back, whether through good times, or through war. I didn’t know 
what sort of things he was going through but if I was going to be with him, I needed to 
get stronger.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I wanted to turn back, but it was too late; I was already inside the portal. The trip 
through the transportation never lasts longer than a few moments of unpleasant 
dizziness but this time, it felt longer… no. It WAS longer.
“Kuu…” Sylvie, who stuck to my head like glue began trembling.
‘It feels wrong, Papa,’ Sylvie transmitted, her inner thoughts traced with worry.
The journey through the transportation gate looked as though you were fastforwarding to your destination. You’re standing on a platform as a blur of different 
colors race by as the background gets lighter and lighter until you disappear into the 
light, exiting out the other end. It was a peculiar sensation that I couldn’t seem to 
describe in words but this time, it was different.
The space around us distorted into a blur of colors like usual but instead of getting 
brighter, the color around of us drained and turned dimmer and dimmer, until it was 
pitch black.
‘Papa, I’m scared.” Sylvie’s trembling on my head was the only way I knew my bond 
was still there.
This was the first time Sylvie had told me she was scared. There were times when she 
was on guard, or alert, but she was never frightened.
The sensation of travelling through the gate that normally made me nauseous also 
ceased so I tautly augmented a ball of flame above my palm.
“What the hell…” It was bizarre. The ball of fire that was supposed to be giving me at 
least some sort of vision didn’t do anything. Almost like trying to color in a red ball on 
a black piece of paper, it had no effect on the pitch black darkness.
*VWOOOOM*
I crumbled to my knees and I instantly augmented my body with mana.
I was scared.
What sort of monster was here that had a thick enough malicious intent to make me 
fall to my knees?
I couldn’t stop shivering and the mana in my body dispersed, refusing to listen to me 
from the lack of mental control I had over myself.
For the first time in a long while, I felt like a child - an actual, helpless child in front of 
the boogeyman.
“Who’s there?” I tried my best to roar but my shaking voice betrayed me.
Just then, a pair of eyes came into view out of nowhere. I knew exactly whom these 
pair of eyes belonged to. I was sure of it; yet, it didn’t comfort me or help me in 
knowing at all.
The pair of glowing white eyes speckled with stars, that captivated me the first time I 
saw them, grew close. An authoritative voice that was devoid of emotion pierced 
through me, as if he was speaking directly into my ear.
“At last. We now have a bit of privacy to peacefully converse.”
LUCAS WYKES’ POV:
“And what the hell is this supposed to be?” I raised an eyebrow, looking around inside 
the dimly lit room that reminded me of some crudely built wine cellar.
It was that poor excuse of a mage from the Ravenpor house that brought me here, 
telling me that it would be something I’d be interested in.
I normally would’ve blasted that sod away when he talked me so arrogantly, like he 
was doing me a favor; but I was quite curious, especially after the explosion of the TriUnion Building earlier today.
“Welcome to one of the many humble dwelling that we use to hold our meetings,” said 
a coarse voice. I was surrounded by at least 60 hooded figures, but only the one sitting 
lazily in the middle while addressing me had a mask on.
It was a plain white mask with two small eyeholes and a smile crudely drawn where 
the mouth should be. The mask was rather simple enough but the simply drawn smile 
gave off a sinister feel.
Charles Ravenpor, who was next to me, put on his own hooded robe and knelt down 
on one knee with his head bowed.
“Lord, I have brought Lucas Wykes like you asked,” he said in a careful, hushed tone.
“Ahh, the famous Mr. Wykes, here in the flesh! So glad you could join us for our little… 
crusade!” he laughed, averting his attention from Charles.
I looked around. “I’m not here to join anything. I came here out of curiosity, but I’m 
not impressed. Who are you supposed to be anyway? You don’t seem to be a student… 
Don’t tell me you’re a professor?” I scoffed.
“How dare you! You should be grateful that we even considered letting a mutt like you 
join us!” One of the hooded figures to my right hissed.
“A mutt?” I echoed back, feeling a vein bulging from the side of my forehead.
I soundlessly prepared a spell at the ingrate who dared to mock me, but before I could 
finish the chant, the man behind the smiling mask snapped his fingers.
*Fwoom*
“AHH!” The hooded snob that dared called me a mutt suddenly combusted into flames.
I couldn’t help but click my tongue. Even for insta-casting, that was fast… frighteningly 
so.
“Now, now. That isn’t a very courteous thing to say to our newest member, right?” As 
the masked man, who was still lazily sagged down on his earthen throne, spoke, the 
fire had already burned through the boy’s robe and was burning his skin.
“AHHHHH! F-forgive me! I was wrong. I apologize! P-please!” he begged as he was 
furiously trying to pat the fire off. Meanwhile, the other hooded figures were too 
scared to do anything to help him.
Turning away from the hooded figure still screaming in pain, I faced the masked man.
“Before I decide whether I want to even join this little cult of yours, what is it you’re 
trying to accomplish, and why do you even need me?”
I couldn’t sense his mana core but it didn’t seem like I was on the same level as him.
“Circumstances make it unable for me to personally act for now, so I need some 
capable magicians in order to thoroughly complete my plans. You see, I hate leaving 
loose ends,” he explained as he used an arm to prop his head up.
“Taking advantage of your Director's absence, it is the opportune time to act so that 
by the time she comes back, it will all be too late,” he continued. After snapping his 
fingers again, the fire suddenly disappeared, leaving the boy twitching from the pain.
“And as for what I hope to do, let’s just say that my goals coincide with these folks and 
I simply thought that it’d be nice to kill two birds with one stone. Everyone here is a 
dissatisfied human noble that once took pride in the fact that this academy was meant 
only for the purest of lineage. While you may be a special exception to this case, I
would still like to have you on board,” he answered as if he wasn’t human.
“Besides, the whole ‘accept all’ motto that this academy now follows makes me want 
to barf; don’t you agree Mr. Wykes?” As he said this, the hooded figures all nodded 
fiercely in agreement. Just from his tone, I could tell that this guy was smirking behind 
his mask.
“Whether they make you want to barf or not doesn’t matter to me. Why waste my time 
and energy on bugs I could squish at any time? The peasants that were able to weed 
their way into this academy aren’t any better than the low class adventurer thugs that 
go around blindly flailing their weapons. Even the nobles that were brought up in the 
most pampered conditions aren’t worth crap to me. If this all that you have to say, then 
I have no reason to lower myself to be put on some leash and take commands from 
you,” I snapped at him, turning my back.
“Lucas~ what a hurtful thing to say. How could you ever compare yourself to some 
sort of dog tied to a leash?” He gestured by putting covering his mouth with his hands, 
sarcastically, like he was actually surprised.
“It seems like what I’ve heard is true. That you were a rather prideful mage that looked 
down on people of low birth. Did your friend, Arthur Leywin, not prove you wrong in
this aspect?” The coarse voice playfully edged me on, making me stop in my tracks.
I whipped my head around. “What did you—”
“It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that, although you were hailed as a prodigy in 
the field of magic and have been pampered with elixirs and strengthening methods 
since your awakening, you aren’t a match for the child, Arthur Leywin,” he shrugged, 
holding his hand up.
I could feel my fists whiten in frustration, but he cut me off before I was able to refute.
“The sad thing is, he was never even trying. I bet even you always had a nagging 
suspicion that he had always been holding back, hahahaha!” He erupted into a fit of 
laughter as he clutched his stomach, legs kicking in the air.
“Who do you think you are?” I growled.
My body was already glowing as mana spilled out from my mana core, ready to fire at 
him, but I never did. This throbbing sense told me to not mess with him, like it was… 
hopeless.
No! I’m Lucas Wykes of the Wykes family!
But who the hell was he and why did he talk like he was here the whole time, watching 
over us?
“I told you. I am but a mere benefactor that came here for the betterment of this land.”
As he said this, he got up and gave an exaggerated bow with his arms spread out.
Sitting back down on his crude throne, he continued, “Mr. Wykes, I believe that, even 
if our views aren’t the same, we could have some sort of mutual benefits in this.”
“Go on,” I said through gritted teeth.
He ignored the fact that I was still completely surrounded by fire attribute mana, 
dangerously close to releasing it.
“Soon, I will be able to personally take part in this and when I do, I want to completely 
shatter the frail glue holding the three races together. However, until that time comes, 
I need your strength to help run things smoothly,” he explained.
“How do you personally plan on splitting up the three races and why would you think 
that doing this would even benefit me in any way? Besides, you think the Council and 
the Lances were made just for decoration?” I argued.
“The Council is tied up with various things at the moment, and I’ve taken extra 
precautions to make sure that your Director is held up and out of reach. The field is 
set, Mr. Wykes, so let me ask you this - how would you like to have the ever so cautious 
Arthur Leywin fight you at his full strength, and for you to obtain the necessary power 
to defeat him even then?” He lifted his hand up, beckoning me toward him.
“Obtain the power to defeat Arthur?” I asked, controlling my expression to not look as 
dumbfounded as I felt.
“As long as you agree, I promise that you will get your hands on a level of power that 
you never thought was possible.”
I looked at the hooded figures and could tell that they were interested as well, but 
stayed quiet due to the fear of being the next victim of the masked man’s ‘discipline’.
This was all too good to be true.
“If what you say is true and he has been cautiously hiding his powers to the extent that 
he has, how are you going to get him to fight me at his most?” I scoffed, unwilling to 
believe.
“Quite simple, actually, and it is also a task that I need to get done as well so it works 
out. Arthur is only human and he holds great importance to his family and his friends, 
but particularly more so to one person,” he says as he lifts his index finger up, the smile 
on the mask most likely matching the sinister expression he had as well.
“Tessia Eralith…” I whisper, unable to hide the smirk on my face.
“Yes! Tessia Eralith! An elf! On this sacred Xyrus academy, an elf is the leader of the 
students! Do all of you think this is right?” he bellowed at everyone so his voice echoed 
in the small dungeon.
“““““““““““““““““““ NO! ””””””””””””””””””””””” the hooded figures all roared in unison.
“She may not be here yet but I reckon she will soon, and most likely with Arthur. Don’t 
you think that maybe a bit of elf princess blood being shed ought to get your buddy ‘ol 
pal, Arthur, riled up?” he sneered as his hands ignited in flames.
I never cared for the elf princess besides thinking that she suited my tastes. I let her 
be since her body hadn’t even matured yet but it did seem like something was going 
on between her and Arthur. Who does he think he is anyways to think that he deserved 
someone like the princess of the elven kingdom?
He was just a lowly peasant.
As I began playing through the possible scenario in my head, I couldn’t help my lips 
from slowly curling upwards as I imagined his precious little lover’s life in my grasp 
as Arthur begs me to stop. The brat who always thought he was better than I was… on 
his knees.
I wonder if he’d lose his sanity if I were to slowly bleed her in front of him?
“Pfft!” I couldn’t hold back my laughter any longer. “Why the hell not!”
It was so simple! Why didn’t I think of that? All we needed to do was to kill the elf 
princess!
Maybe I could have a little fun before killing her…
I began licking my lips in anticipation.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“At last, we finally have a bit of privacy to peacefully converse,” a voice rang in my ear.
As soon as it spoke, the space around us began warping. Sylvie’s trembling became so 
severe that I couldn’t keep her perched on my head and had to hold her firmly in my 
arms.
Suddenly, in the midst of the chaos that was forming around us, we were in a blank 
white room.
I could feel myself gape, but even the words to express my confusion couldn’t come 
out.
Without being able to muster up even a voice to curse in surprise, I just idly waited.
In this white cube, it was only me, a quivering Sylvie, and the source of the all too
familiar speckled pair of eyes.
By the time my eyes were able to adjust to the sudden brightness, I could make out 
the cat taking in a deep breath.
“Haa…”
Did it just sigh at me?
As I continued to kneel while clutching my bond, the cat I had seen at ‘Windsom’s 
Potions and Elixirs’ started shaking its head at me after a little while.
It really was the same cat I saw back then…
The peculiarly eye-catching cat was sitting in a poise manner, its tail swaying 
hypnotically as its eyes locked onto mine. As the cat’s gaze bore deeper into me, I 
began feeling like some sort of raw material being appraised by a veteran merchant 
who was deciding whether to buy me out or not.
I snapped out of my daze and began looking for the old man to pop out. As I was about 
to say something aloud, the cat started glowing in a golden white light that spread over 
its entire body.
Interrupted, I just kept my mouth shut and waited for the surprises to end. For some 
reason, I felt like no matter what I did at this point, I couldn’t stop whatever was about 
to happen. It was an instinctual reaction that for some reason I just couldn’t ignore.
While the aura and demeanor of this cat was heavy and oppressive, I knew that it 
didn’t want to hurt me; otherwise I would’ve been dead already.
The golden-white light began to change its shape and enlarge, changing from the form 
of a cat to that of a human.
*Kiiiing*
As if it was made of glass, the sparkling human-shaped glow shattered into fragments 
of light, revealing someone I couldn’t recognize.
“Greetings. I go by Windsom,” The man sniffed deprecatingly.
The man that had transformed from a cat spoke with an elegance that matched his 
appearance. On the top of his sculpted face was a bed of short platinum blond hair that 
was neatly swept to the side. His deep-set eyes, that had not changed from when he 
was a cat, almost seemed to touch his permanently furrowed brows. There was a sense 
of nobility in his gaze as he continued to lock onto me.
While neither burly nor muscular, his square shoulders, underneath a military-like 
uniform he somehow had conjured on after transforming, told me he was a warrior… 
a fighter like myself.
His thin lips tightened as he let out another sigh of disapproval through his sharp nose. 
Peering down at Sylvie and I, he spoke again.
“I felt this form would be more appropriate for our conversation,” the man announced 
matter-of-factly.
I opened my mouth to say something but I held back. If he just disclosed he was 
Windsom, then what about the old man who stole my money? I thought was originally 
the owner of the elixir store was just my own incorrect assumption. Then who was the 
old man? Windsom’s attendant?
Composing myself, I let Sylvie down and stood up.
Dusting my clothes off I responded, “Before, we continue, I’d like to confirm a few 
things.”
“…”
Windsom tilted his head to the side, thrown off by my sudden sharp and incisive tone.
“Since you lured me here for a reason and with Tessia as bait, is it safe to assume that 
she’s alright?” I asked, taking the glittering marble ball out from my dimension ring.
After a slight pause, he replied, nodding, “Yes, your little elf princess is fine. I had 
already taken the precautionary measures before you made your way here. She should 
be recuperating to a certain extent with her grandfather back at the elf kingdom.”
“That, on the other hand”—Windsom pointed at the marble in my hand— “is for you 
to keep.”
It was my turn to be surprised at his unexpected reply.
“For me?” I asked.
“Yes. Do you know how hard it is to acquire an elixir pearl of that quality? Yet it went 
to waste on your little lover. In fact, it was too strong for her, which was why I had to 
waste another precious elixir to keep her body from… well, exploding.” He let out 
another deep breath as he regarded me with the arrogance of a noble discussing 
politics with an ignorant bumpkin.
“Excuse me? Explode?” I sputtered, about to refuteWhile taking a couple of steps toward me, he interrupted, “Well, I suppose without it, 
she would’ve been dead by now so it wasn’t a complete waste. Still, don’t give that one 
away and take the time to absorb the elixir pearl with your bond. It’ll help with your 
training quite a bit.”
Sylvie tilts her head in confusion while taking a look at the marble in my hand. Her 
shivering seemed to stop after Windsom controlled the pressure he was releasing.
I shook my head at this. “Shouldn’t it be common courtesy to tell me exactly what is 
going on? Who or what exactly are you? Why did you bring me here?”
“Patience really isn’t a strong suit of yours, now is it? Very well, if I were to introduce 
myself in a way that would be easy for you to comprehend it’d sound a little something 
like this; I come from the land of Asuras and am what you lesser races call ‘a deity’.”
Windsom’s eyes remain unwavering as he said this.
“Deities? The deities that supposedly blessed the three races with artifacts that 
basically allowed them to eventually use magic?”
“Yes yes,” he nodded impatiently. “Keep in mind that what I’m about to tell you dates 
back centuries ago, with any form of records or accounts having been destroyed or 
possibly having never been written in the first place. It is in our best interest that we 
keep it this way.
The extent of knowledge that you have lies in what the former elf king had told you. A 
deity blessing the three races with an artifact that eventually allowed future 
generations to learn what you now call ‘magic’. That was just the outcome of what had 
happened prior; something that no one on this land knows about,” Windsom 
continued narrating with his back ramrod straight, like he was lecturing a class.
I stayed silent, letting him continue.
“As you guys have recently discovered, there exists another continent in this world.
The only two bodies of land that makes up the two ends of this world have always 
existed and have been protected and watched over by us. We Asuras are and have been 
governed by a doctrine, a noblesse oblige of sort if you put it simply, since the 
beginning of our existence. We are not to lay a hand on the lesser races inhabiting the 
land below, making sure only to act in times when either of the two continents fall out 
of balance,” he let out a sigh as he turned his back toward us. “That was until we found 
out that this sacred rule had been broken.”
The look I had on my face must’ve given my thoughts away because Windsom replied, 
“I can imagine the multitude of questions you may have but the information that I’m 
sharing with you currently is only what you will need to know at this point. We have 
time, although not much of it, and telling you too much now will only distract you.”
Not much time?
It will only distract me?
Him telling me this only flooded my mind with even more questions, but I just took a 
deep breath and signaled for him to carry on as Sylvie kept looking back and forth 
between the two of us in confusion.
He gives a nod back and continues, saying, “Despite how you may refer to us as deities, 
we are far from gods… or rather, we’re far closer to you than you think. Much of the 
economy in Dicathen and Alacrya was originally mimicked after the systems of my 
land Epheotus, the land of Asuras.”
Epheotus and Alacrya…
“Of course, while Epheotus isn’t nearly as large as either of the surface continents, 
much of how the gears of society work is comparable. Epheotus was once divided into 
three factions that were made up of multiple clans in each of them. Boiling it down 
quite a bit, the ruling clan of each faction had their own nuance in ideals, which 
congregated the other clans to join either of the three factions. While ideals may have 
been different, every clan of Asuras still kept to the paramount creed that we were not 
to lay a hand against the lesser races. However, after Agrona, the successor of the 
Vritra Clan, came into power, things quickly changed.
The name Vritra rang in my mind like thunder. Vritra wasn’t the name of the black 
horned demon but the name of its clan?
“What was this Agrona like and what happened to the Vritra Clan?” I leaned forward 
in anticipation.
I could tell Windsom had to pause for a bit to gather his thoughts. “The Vritra Clan had 
always been an anomaly. It’s simplest to imagine them as scientists of sorts. While 
their innate magic is unique and versatile, it was never as powerful as the other clans’ 
mana arts. However, coupled with their genius minds and insatiable curiosity, they 
were always one of the central clans.”
“If they’d always been one of the stronger clans, how come things became so different 
once the Vritra Clan came into power?” I queried.
“A clan being strong and a clan becoming a leader of a faction are two different things.
Again, think of the Vritra Clan as scientists, as researchers. The clan had very little 
interest in anything other than gaining knowledge and insight on utilizing mana. Like 
ivory tower residents, they were secluded knowledge seekers that only pursued what 
they could not yet comprehend; the previous head of the clan was even more so 
fervent in his quest to overcome the impossible. However, Agrona… he was different.
While charismatic and intelligent, he was arrogant and power hungry. He believed that 
the Asuras were never meant to watch over the lesser races but rather rule over them 
as their gods,” he clarified.
Windsom’s face tensed as continued speaking. “After Agrona began leading the Vritra 
Clan, however, their strength abruptly increased unnaturally. No one could figure out 
how Agrona could advance the Vritra Clan’s mana power in such a short time.
Eventually, through their rise in power, they were able to rally up more clans to share 
his ideals and the Vritra Clan soon led a faction on par with either of the other three 
factions.”
“It was only later that we found out that Agrona and a few other of the Vritra Clan had 
secretly been making trips to the Continent of Alacrya. While it wasn’t forbidden for 
us to go down to Dicathen or Alacrya as long as we concealed ourselves, their 
movements and behaviors were eerily suspicious. After the other two factions found 
out about this, they sent out scouts to figure out what they were up to.” I could see 
Windsom’s knuckles whiten by how hard he was clenching his fists.
“Agrona and the Vritra Clan had been inhumanely torturing the lesser races by 
experimenting on their bodies to find different ways to enhance their own abilities…”
Scenes from my past flashed in my mind at this. The different dungeons becoming 
corrupted, signs of traces of the black horned demons that kept appearing all clicked 
together at Windsom’s last statement.
“Being brutally honest, this information was enlightening and all, but what does this 
have to do with me? Why tell me all of this? I can’t imagine what could make a deity or 
asura or whatever single me out to reveal something as important as this.”
“You’re right, besides your own abilities, which is barely noteworthy by our standards, 
there really shouldn’t be a reason to tell you all of this. The only reason I do so is 
because of your ties to us,” he answered, pointing down.
“Kyu?” I subconsciously stepped in front of Sylvie to protect her.
“We’ve been searching for Lady Sylvia for years with no success, yet after finally 
finding traces of her mana, it led me to a little boy with her exact mana signature; 
what’s even more shocking is that, after watching over him, he held in his hands a 
deity. Arthur, you are currently bonded with the child of my master’s only daughter, 
the daughter of the highest level of power in the leading faction in Epheotus.”
The fact that all of this was somehow connected to Sylvia didn’t surprise me. If 
anything, it just confirmed everything that I had presumed until now.
But…
Lady Sylvia…
The daughter of the highest position of power in a land of deities…
Even with my status as a king in my previous life, a figure of such stature would be 
someone I could only kneel down in submission to.
I felt a dry lump caught in my throat as I stared down at my bond. Of course, the 
possibility of Sylvie being the actual child of Sylvia was always there, but due to the 
circumstances of her being chased by the black horned demons… the Vritra clan, I 
could never confirm. The fact that Sylvie’s appearance looked vastly different from her 
mother also didn’t help.
Grandpa Virion’s voice suddenly popped into my mind. He was the one that confirmed 
that Sylvie was a dragon. From what he told me and what I’ve read, while dragons 
were extraordinarily rare and powerful, it didn’t mention about them being higher 
beings, let alone Asuras.
“So are the dragons written down in past texts actually deities?” I inquired.
Windsom faced me, letting out an impatient sigh. “No. While there are lesser races that 
have descended from us deities, it is rather offensive to compare us. I will put aside 
the biology lesson for another time, but there are general facts you do need to know.
While there are special exceptions due to innate differences in each clan, in most cases, 
deities have three main forms. The humanoid form that I am in currently, a draconic 
form which is most likely the form that Lady Sylvia had used to pass down her will to 
you, and a third form which integrates both humanoid and draconic aspects.”
“Then you’re saying that Sylvie has a human form?” I couldn’t help but point a finger 
at my bond in exasperation.
“Yes, but Lady Sylvia must have cast a seal on her own daughter, because the mana 
signature that she is producing is not nearly the same as it should be. Arthur, how did 
you come to meet her?”
“Before Sylvia was killed or taken away by the black horned demons, she gave me a 
stone that turned out to be what I figured was an egg,” I clicked my tongue. Explaining 
this made me recall some unpleasant memories.
“Black horned demons?” Windsom tilted his head.
“It’s what I described them as because of their appearance. From what you told me 
just now, though, they seem to be what you call the Vritra clan.”
“Haaaa, indeed, the Vritra clan is known for their prominent onyx horns… While this 
was one of the most probable outcomes, it also means that there is very little hope 
that she is alive. Arthur, Lady Sylvia undoubtedly put a seal on her child in hopes that 
the Vritra clan would not be able to find her.” For once, there was a twinge of emotion 
on Windsom’s face that wasn’t annoyance. I could see the sadness glazed over his eyes 
as he took a moment to gather himself.
“So does that mean deities are usually born in a humanoid form?” I couldn’t help but 
ask.
“Yes. Our draconic form uses up a lot of our mana so we spend most of our time in our 
humanoid form. However, just like how I can shift into the form of a smaller animal, 
Lady Sylvia’s daughter seems to be in that form to conserve energy.”
“You keep referring to her as Lady Sylvia’s daughter, but she has a name. It’s Sylvie. I 
named her after Sylvia. Also, is it possible for Sylvie to turn into her humanoid form 
now?” I pointed out.
At this, Windsom merely shook his head before responding. “Most likely not. The 
humanoid form is the most natural for us, so if Lady Sylvia’s— Lady Sylvie, was able to 
transform into this form, she would’ve done so already.”
There was a torrent of questions flooding my mind now that I knew for a fact that Sylv 
was an Asura. Imagining her in a human form was hard enough, but what did it mean 
for us since we were bonded? Did Asuras bond to each other in Epheotus? Although 
Sylv was the one that initiated the bond, it wasn’t something that I can imagine doing 
to someone that looked like a human.
I knew Windsom would say something along the lines of, ‘I’ll only tell you what is 
necessary for you to know right now,’ so I pushed those thoughts aside and pressed 
on what we talked about earlier.
“So since Sylvia, the daughter of a very important figure to you deities, did give her 
will to me, that makes me automatically involved in this upcoming fight that you guys 
are most likely going to have with the Vritra clan and co., right? Also, the fact that 
Sylvie, the granddaughter of the so called very important figure, is bonded to me begs 
another question… Are you planning on taking her back to Epheotus?” My eyes 
narrowed as I tried to read Windsom’s expression.
“Yes. Dumbing it down quite a bit, that is the essence of what I explained to you. You 
may or may not have figured out just how mysterious and powerful Lady Sylvia’s 
powers are. Even if you were able to unlock some of the mana arts only she could use, 
I doubt you were able to tap into a fraction of her true abilities. Arthur, even Asuras 
would drool in greed at the thought of receiving Lady Sylvia’s powers. While even she 
wasn’t able to fully control them, her powers had… have the potential to outstrip her 
father’s.” There was a look of longing and respect in this Asura’s eyes as he explained 
all of this.
“As for taking Lady Sylvie back to Epheotus, while that was indeed our immediate 
choice, we have decided on a different route. Arthur, we will be entering into war with 
the Fallen Clans, the forces led by Agrona and his Vritra clan, soon. After the last war, 
both sides sustained immense casualties and had no choice but to settle for a truce.
Agrona agreed not to touch Dicathen, but in return, we had to give up the Continent of 
Alacrya to him.
“While our forces may have stronger powerhouses, they possess too many 
unpredictable factors with the experiments they had time to hone during this period.
The truce is losing its power as the Fallen Clans continue to grow their troops. We have 
already found traces of Agrona’s troops in this continent. While the upper echelons of 
Epheotus would never verbally admit it, we need help and your future potential can 
play a crucial role in this. As long as you, Arthur Leywin, agree to be our ally, there 
would be no need to separate you from Lady Sylvie.”
Even though Windsom was asking me for a favor, the way he looked at me dead in the 
eye made me feel like he was presenting me a role of the highest honor.
He had me. There really wasn’t much of an option for me to choose. If I declined him, 
he would forcefully take Sylvie away and Dicathen would still most likely end up 
becoming war torn. With that, my family and friends would be in danger whether or 
not I became their ally.
He was basically implying to me that I was going to be involved in this war one way or
the other. The choice was up to me on how directly I wanted to fight against our mutual 
enemies.
Letting out a scoff, I agreed. “Since this war involves the entirety of this continent 
anyways, I would be an ally to you whether I agreed or not today. Rather, what you 
were asking for is if I can be a pawn that would in your control.”
“I can’t disagree with your statement. You’re wise for your age, Arthur,” Windsom 
smirked. “I take it by your answer that you agree to our proposal. This war will change 
the entire balance of this world. If Agrona and his forces are able to take over this 
continent as well as all of its resources. There will come a time when even Epheotus 
will be in danger. That being said, we will need to prepare you. Your mana core is 
rather well developed for your age, which is a good sign. Training you will have to 
come after you’re able to at least reach the white stage. With the resources we will 
provide you and your comprehension skills, I can’t imagine it to take too long. After 
that, we will need to take both you and Lady Sylvie to Epheotus to train under the most 
optimal cond—”
“Hold on, I’m going to Epheotus? Your home? The land of Asuras?” I nearly shouted, 
flabbergasted.
“Of course. Do you think that my master will stand idly now, knowing that he has a 
granddaughter? Arthur, you are the last one to have seen Lady Sylvia. On top of that, 
she has passed on to you, her mana signature. You may not realize what that means 
but to us Asuras, it would be metaphorically pulling out your own mana core and 
giving it away. If she was forced to a state where she had no choice but to do this, we 
have no choice but to assume she has passed away.”
“…”
“There isn’t much I can help you with directly for now except provide for you some 
resources to strengthen your mana core. During this time, I also have things to 
investigate and prepare for. I will continue to drop by from time to time and check up 
on you, whether I let you know I’m there or not will be at my discretion.”
“Okay, since it seems like this whole meeting is coming to a close, can I just ask you 
one thing?” I held my hand out to stop him.
“Go ahead.”
“How come it took so long for you to find me? If her mana signature basically 
transferred onto mine, wouldn’t either you or the Vritra Clan have pinpointed me 
pretty easily?”
“Because of that,” Windsom pointed at my arm. “When she first passed on her will, or 
mana signature, to you, it won’t show right away. You probably went through a phase 
where you had to get your body accustomed to it, right?”
I just nodded at this.
“Well after it did, I’m not sure how shortly after her daughter was released from her 
seal but when you put one of Lady Sylvia’s feathers around your bond insignia, it hid 
the presence of her will. I’m sure you only put that on your arm to hide the insignia 
mark or maybe because you thought it made you look cool—”
“It was to hide the insignia mark,” I immediately replied.
“Nevertheless, you did well in doing this.” Windsom shook his head. “Let me take you 
to where you were actually headed to now. I’m sure the elf princess misses her prince 
dearly.”
Even though his face stayed straight, I could feel the sarcasm in his voice. Sylvie and I 
wordlessly followed the Asura as the room we were in began distorting once more.
WINDSOM’S POV:
As I watched the child and his bond go through the gate, I couldn’t help but let out a 
strained breath.
Every time I see her, a mixture of emotions would boil up inside of me, making it 
difficult for me to stay calm. I wonder how Master would feel when he sees her. I can 
imagine how conflicted he might feel seeing the child of his precious daughter and the 
man that did that to her…
There would come a time when we would have no choice but to tell Arthur about his 
bond. About Lady Sylvia’s daughter and the lineage she holds…
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Ugh…”
I stumbled coming out of the teleportation gate as I pressed my fingers firmly against 
my temples to keep my head from popping.
Sylvie scampered next to me, happy to be out in the open again.
“Kyu~” She let out a big stretch on the grass before looking up at me, signaling that 
she was ready.
‘That man was scary, Papa,’ Sylv’s voice rang in my mind.
“Yeah, he didn’t really come off as easygoing to me either,” I responded.
The place we landed at was a familiar one. It was near the area where Tess first led us 
to in order to get inside the Kingdom of Elenoir. Of course, this time, we were going to 
have to knock on the front gates like most people. It wasn’t too much of a problem to 
get inside the Kingdom now that the three races were more or less in harmony.
Every time I thought of the word ‘race’ I could hear Windsom saying in his annoyingly 
serious voice how we were the lesser races.
As much as it irked me, he wasn’t wrong. Compared to the Asuras, even I could see the 
innate differences between him and me, and from what he led on, it didn’t seem like 
he was the strongest of Asuras either.
“Well, I guess you know who your mother is now, at least.”
“Kyu?” ‘Mama? Aren’t we going to see Mama right now?’
“No, not that Mama. I mean, Tess isn’t your mother! Sheesh!” I exclaimed.
Sylv only tilted his head as she looked at me in confusion before scampering around 
again, leaving me flustered at my bond.
As we made our way to the front gate, following alongside the outer walls of the 
Kingdom, we passed the occasional carriages and wagons followed by people either 
transporting the goods inside or guarding it.
The economy was rapidly changing since the union of the three races. Opening up 
borders so that merchants can travel and trade with each other had led to a lot of 
unique goods becoming available in all three kingdoms. Once we reached the entrance 
into the kingdom, there was a line of people either riding horses and mana beasts or 
on carriages waiting to go inside.
Sylvie hopped on my head as I got to the end of the line beside a group of what looked 
like mercenaries most likely trying to sell the raw material they managed to obtain.
“Ey! Looky at the lil’ brat! Why you so far from your Mama lil’ boy? You lost?” A rather 
tall and thin, almost emaciated, man in a leather armor too large for him, hooted as he 
bent down.
“Roger, you’re going to make the boy cry with that ugly face of yours.” A girl that looked 
to be in her early twenties jumped off the end of the carriage she was sitting on and 
pulled Roger back.
“There is nothin’ wrong with my face!” Roger lashed out at his female cohort. “Besides, 
this brat looks to be some sort of rich noble brat! I betcha if we bring him back to his 
parents, they’ll reward us big time!”
“You haven’t said anything. Are you lost, boy?” another man, one that looked to be in 
his early thirties with a body built like it was meant to wrestle elephants pushed aside 
the drooling Roger that was staring at me like I was a moneybag, asked.
“No, Sir, I’m not lost. I have some business here,” I replied.
“Business here my ass! Don’t go try sounding all snooty tooty. I bet you just ran away 
from your Momma. Duke, let’s just grab this twerp and take him to the Guild Hall,” 
Roger smirked as he slowly made his way towards me.
I let out a sigh as I contemplated whether it was worth the effort to shove this bag of 
bones into the ground.
“Grrr…” Sylvie, who was perched on top of my head again, stood up, baring her teeth 
at the malnourished mercenary.
These fools were actually thinking of basically kidnapping a child here in the open…
While my stance remained the same, I imbued a thin layer of mana around my body 
just in case.
“Roger, Duke. Leave the boy alone.” A hoarse voice came from inside the carriage.
“Erk. It’s the boss.” Roger froze in his tracks with a reluctant expression.
“Tch. Let’s head back to the carriage, Roger,” Duke clicked his tongue and gave me one 
last curious glance before turning his broad back to me.
I just rolled my eyes and stayed put in the line for travelers without carriages that need 
to be inspected first.
“Sorry, Boss. I know you how you like to keep face, but this time, it would’ve been a 
totally legit excuse! I mean, all we would do is just keep the brat from talking and 
eventually, we would’ve just put him in the Guild Hall and sacked in a nice reward.”
“Sir, while Roger isn’t the brightest guy most of the time, I think he was right in that 
boy was actually from a wealthy family by his uniform and the peculiar bond on his 
head. If you didn’t stop us, I think we could’ve—”
“Fools! You think I was protecting the boy? I was protecting you two dolts from him!”
““…””
“Both of you guys are mages, yet you still couldn’t see the clear differences in power? 
Even I wasn’t able to sense the level his mana core was at!”
“But Boss, even if the boy was a mage, he couldn’t have awakened more than a couple 
of years —”
“Shut up. Just know that if you guys had stepped out of line just then, even I wouldn’t 
have been able to save you.”
After the first moment of reluctance in letting a possible runaway child into their 
kingdom, the guards erased their doubts when I showed them the Xyrus Academy 
crest since showing the Royal family crest might attract a bit too much attention for 
my tastes. Before entering, however, the elven guards did give me a stern warning that 
the use of magic was prohibited in all but the most extreme cases.
I didn’t have the time to explore around much while I was being trained by Gramps so 
seeing all of this was new to me.
The city that we had entered was bustling with an almost chaotic mixture of people 
from all around the continent, laughing and haggling around different stands and 
small shops. The Elven Kingdom of Elenoir was different from the Human Kingdom of 
Sapin; since the entire Kingdom was walled off, the cities were more like giant districts 
rather than separated settlements.
Since the royal family’s tree castle was located in the far end city of the Kingdom, it 
took me a couple of hours of travelling via a small transport carriage.
The driver dropped us off at the border just before the castle since no just anyone 
would be allowed directly inside. A major difference from the last time I came here 
was that there were now guards around the parameters of the castle as well. While 
I’m sure they always had guards and security, they weren’t so blatantly placed to ward 
off intruders like they were now. Again, most likely an outcome of the Kingdom 
opening its doors to the other races.
“Stop. Little boy, I think you’re a bit lost,” a burly elf held his hand out and warned. He 
looked at me curiously before stopping his gaze at Sylvie who was now next to my foot.
“No, I know exactly where I am. If you’d be so kind as to let me through, it’d be much 
appreciated,” I replied without taking a second glance at the guard while pulling out 
the compass with the Royal family crest Grandpa Virion gave me back then.
“How do you have this?” The burly guard squinted his eyes in suspicion as the other 
guards gathered around me.
“I thought that having this compass meant that a member of the royal family entrusted 
it to me.” I couldn’t help but let out a sigh.
When was the last time I was ever given a smooth passage these days? Starting from 
the teleportation portal to the mercenaries and now here.
“This brat. Is he being sarcastic with us?” Another guard growled.
“Sigh… just please inform either Princess Tessia or Elder Virion that a boy named 
Arthur Leywin is here to see them. They’ll know who I am.” I took a few steps back and 
leaned back against one of the stone statues that was in front of the manor.
“BOOOM!”
All of a sudden, a part of castle exploded and chunks of the building fell down on top 
of us.
“What the hell is—”
As the other guards jumped out of the way to avoid the debris, the one that questioned 
me didn’t have enough to time react after turning around.
I heard him click his tongue as he focused mana into his body, positioning himself 
between me and the falling piece of the castle wall.
While his attitude was crude, I guess he wasn’t a bad person.
With currents of mana already flowing inside of me, I conjured a gale to circle around 
us, instantly encasing us in a dome of wind.
[Wind Barrier]
“Fwoooosh!”
The debris most likely wouldn’t have killed any of the trained guards but even with 
mana augmentation around their bodies, it wouldn’t have been a pretty site.
I kept my spell active, noticing the gaping face of Guard number one switching his gaze 
back and forth between me and the wind barrier.
All of a sudden, a familiar figure jumped backwards down from the ledge of the 
explosion site, landing just next to us.
“You guys alright down… Ah! Arthur, good to see you again, brat! Sorry for this, but 
you’re going to need to give me a hand.” As Grandpa Virion returned his focus to the 
site of the explosion, I dispersed my spell.
“Gramps, what’s going on? Was there an intruder?”
“Bah! You think I’d be having this much trouble if it was just an intruder?” Virion 
clicked his tongue in frustration.
“Then who—”
“BOOOOM!”
“Grandpa! Stop this thing!! I can’t control i~~~~t!”
Out from the giant hole in the mansion appeared Tess surrounded by dozens of 
emerald green tendrils made of mana swaying sporadically, destroying everything it 
hit.
Of course.
I couldn’t help but curse under my breath. I initially blamed Windsom since he was 
supposed to have cured her from the beast will that was trying to take over her body; 
paying attention, however, since Tess was still conscious and quite rowdy, I deduced 
that she most likely couldn’t control the mana she released.
“Tch. That aura is pretty frightening. Those tentacle-like vines protects Tess as well as 
attacks anything within its range. Even if I try cutting it, more tendrils take its place.
Brat, I’ll support you from the back, try to reach Tess; my techniques aren’t really 
useful for anything other than assassinating and right now, we need a way to 
overpower this aura.”
I give Virion an affirming nod and take a step forward, concentrating more mana 
around me.
“Elder Virion. We can assist as well! Please instruct us on—”
“No! You guys would be useless against her. Just clear the area and make sure no one 
comes near here.” Grandpa Virion waved his hand without turning back.
I took a peek at the baffled guards. When I checked their mana core levels earlier, they 
seemed to be around the solid to light orange stage, which would be considered top 
tier considering their ages.
“But Elder, the child is—”
“Go. Now! I don’t have time for this,” Grampa Virion growled.
These elites that were probably never called useless in their lives muttered in 
confusion, looking at me with peculiar eyes before clearing the way.
“You know, Gramps, they probably still could’ve helped.”
“The less people know about my granddaughter’s powers, the better. At least at this 
point. Now focus, brat,” he breathed, keeping his gaze on Tess.
“Aye aye, Sir,” I smirked.
“Let’s go!”
At Grandpa Virion’s signal, we made a break for Tessia, who was on the edge of the 
mansion.
Augmenting my legs in wind attribute mana, I waited until a condensed gale formed 
underneath my feet before launching off from the ground.
Even though Tess’ back was faced us, the tendrils responded as soon as we got close.
Immediately, the vines that were erratically swaying straightened up and shot 
themselves at us.
“Keep going! I’ll cover you!” Grandpa Virion shouted from the back.
While I had my back turned to him, just by the change in his voice, it was obvious that 
Grandpa Virion initiated the first phase of his beast will.
The two of us hacked our way closer and closer towards where Tess was struggling to 
gain control over the emerald green aura surrounding her.
I stuck with using wind spells, afraid that the aura would conduct any lightning 
attribute spells; and we were in a mostly wood environment so I held back on any fire 
spells.
As soon as our wind blades severed the tendrils, it dissipated, another tendril taking 
its place.
It wasn’t working.
I took a deep breath, relying on Grandpa Virion to cover me for a couple of seconds.
After finishing my chant, I felt a sizeable drain on my mana, along with a slight tingling 
sensation coursing throughout my body.
[Thunderclap Impulse]
The tendrils that were evidently growing in number and appeared to be 
overwhelming us in slow motion. Having the luxury to take a glance back, even 
Grandpa Virion’s attacks slowed down enough where I could see his movements.
Dodging the tendrils, I avoided wasting mana on other spells until I reached Tessia.
Every step forward at this point involved me dodging at least five tendrils, until I 
finally reached arm's length of the troublesome princess.
Grabbing her by the waist, I prepare my final spell.
“Eek! A-A-Arthur?” Tess squealed in surprise.
Before I had the chance to respond, the tentacles suddenly retracted and gathered 
around the two of us before springing us off the mansion through the hole made by 
the explosion. With my technique still active, I was able to react in time to hold onto 
her before the two of us skyrocketed up into the air.
“KYYYAAAAAHHH!” Tessia’s voice echoed loud enough for the whole kingdom to 
probably hear.
“Hold on tight!”
Locking my arms around her, I surrounded her in a layer of protective mana before 
casting my spell.
[Absolute Zero]
The amount of time it took to cast my spell took a lot longer without using the second 
phase of my dragon will.
As the layer of frost slowly spread out from around us, freezing the tendrils trying 
desperately to separate me from Tess, I had to keep my concentration to the max to 
keep the spell going.
“Break!” I roared before taking a kick at the completely frozen tendrils, shattering it 
into countless shards of shimmering little diamonds.
It was a gamble to try and freeze the tendrils that Tess manifested and, like expected, 
my spell wasn’t strong enough to completely freeze everything, but I was able to 
separate the tendrils from their source of fuel, Tess.
Tess had a glazed look in her eyes as she hung onto my neck, mesmerized by the 
thousands of falling ice shards reflecting the amber lights of the city,
Our eyes locked and Tess immediately blushed.
I gave her a playful wink in response.
“Hi, there.”
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
Tell me I’m dreaming…
The last thing I remembered was trying to release the first phase of my beast will.
Grandpa had been really surprised after he checked my mana core, saying that my 
body was somehow already fully integrated with the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will.
I didn’t fully understand why Grampa had been so surprised, but I remembered Arthur 
taking a few years to fully integrate with his beast will.
Hehe… does this mean I’m catching up to him?
No, we were just kids at that time, but he was able to smoothly integrate. Grandpa told 
me how amazing that was.
It wasn’t fair.
Every time Grandpa talked about Arthur, all he had were words of praise. If it had been 
any other person, I would be jealous.
But it’s okay; he’s mine anyway…
Well not yet…
But soon he will be!
…hopefully.
Stupid Arthur! I wanted to impress him by being able to control the beast will he gave 
me.
So much for that… I completely failed and even destroyed part of the castle!
Oh my gosh… Mother and Father aren’t going to be too happy when they see this…
And then he showed up…
Arthur just had to make his appearance at the worst possible time.
Now he’s holding me like some I’m sort of damsel in distress! Though begrudgingly, I 
couldn’t deny that I was in a sorry state…
I can’t look at him in the face. I know if I look at him, I’ll start blushing.
Don’t look Tess! Don’t look! Don’tDang it, I looked!
“Hi, there.” Arthur gave me a charming wink with his blue eyes.
I can feel my own face burning like an oil-dipped candle but I can’t seem to peel my 
eyes away from his gaze until we land.
“Sh-shouldn’t you put me down now?” I managed to stammer out, giving it my all to 
keep my voice from cracking.
There was a twinkle in his eyes as he playfully smiled at me while he put me down. I 
knew he was enjoying my embarrassment.
Ugh…
“Are you okay, Tess?” Grandpa caught up to where Arthur and I was. He was sweating 
and had minor injuries from where my beast will’s aura hit him, but thankfully, 
otherwise, he looked fine.
“Yes, Grandpa. Sorry for causing all of this mess.” My gaze lowered to see that Arthur’s 
right leg was bleeding through his pants.
Oh no! He’s hurt! Sigh… I really messed up big time…
*Flick*
“Oww! Wha-?” I stared wide-eyed at Arthur who suddenly flicked my forehead.
“I’m just glad our troublesome princess isn’t hurt. Right, Gramps?” Arthur said.
Even though he teased me like this, his worried gaze couldn’t help but make me feel 
warm inside.
“Yes, my troublesome little granddaughter is fine. That’s all that matters. Who cares if 
she destroyed half of a historic mansion passed down in our family,” Grandpa smirked.
“Hnngg…” I felt like I had shrunk half my size in embarrassment as both my 
grandfather and Arthur broke out into laughter.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
It took a while for Tess to be able to look me in the eyes after letting her back down.
As soon as Gramps called the guards back, we left the manor for them to keep watch.
While the royal family's mansion was still standing strong besides the gaping hole in 
the corner, due to security reasons, Virion arranged for us to be taken to an inn, where 
it was easier for the guards to keep an eye out for any potential harm.
“I should let my son know about what happened in case he and his wife come back 
early from the meeting. They'll probably assume the worst case scenario.” Gramps let 
out a deep sigh.
He was rubbing his temples as we sat down on a leather couch at a separate lounge in 
the first floor of the Spiral Ivy Inn.
I won’t lie. It was a pretty enjoyable sight once we got inside. Since it was just around 
dinner time, the inn was filled with indistinguishable babble and clatters of plates and 
utensils. Once they saw us, it felt like someone muted the entire inn as baffled faces of 
the inn workers and customers that were once eating dropped everything, including 
their jaws, witnessing the former king of the kingdom with his disheveled appearance 
carrying his granddaughter, the princess of their kingdom, entering the inn 
accompanied by an unknown human child
Fortunately, the inn manager quickly raced out, beating back all of the nearby elves 
and merchants courageous enough to horde us, and escorted us to the VIP lounge.
“I must apologize for this, Elder Virion. We weren’t expecting a visit from someone of 
your status or else we would’ve surely made accommodations.” The manager’s 
posture was deliberately lowered, one hand cupping the other. “Might I ask what 
brought you to our humble inn?” he continued on.
“The manor is a bit… messy at the moment. We’re fine here for now; just have a room 
for us to stay.” Gramps waved the manager away after setting down Tess, who had 
fallen asleep on the way here. On the other hand, you can almost see the tail fiercely 
wagging from the ever-attentive manager as he nodded like a puppy that just got a 
treat from his master upon receiving Virion’s directions.
I got myself settled on the couch facing Virion’s as I laid the sleeping Sylvie who was 
quietly snoring in my arms by the time we got here. “So what happened back there, 
Gramps?”
“You wouldn’t believe this, brat. I examined her mana core the other day and guess 
what… her body was already fully integrated with the Elderwood Guardian’s beast 
will!” Virion leaned in forward. The excitement in his sharp eyes contrasted how softly 
he spoke to not wake Tess up.
“You can’t be serious… How can her body be fully integrated with an S class beast—” 
I stop what I say as Windsom pops up in my mind. Were the orbs that he gave to Tess 
responsible for this unprecedented phenomena?
“What’s wrong? Why did you stop talking all of a sudden?” Virion raised a brow.
“No, it’s nothing. I was just thinking. Gramps, is that why Tess tried to release the first 
phase of her beast will?”
Virion let out a wry laugh at this while he scratched his cleanly-shaven chin. “We both 
got a little ahead of ourselves in thinking that Tess would be able to control her powers 
because her body was already integrated.”
While the integration between the beast will and the host was essential in order for 
the body to fully adapt to a mana beast’s will, especially for one that was at a higher 
stage than their own strength, it was also a training process of sorts. Through the 
integration process, you become accustomed to how the beast will might affect your 
body and how you can control its powers, even if it’s a little bit.
Tessia was able to skip this long and arduous process, whether fortunately or not, 
preventing her from becoming exposed to what effect the beast will can have on her 
when released.
“It’s fine now that everything has been settled, but Tess needs to be more careful when 
using her beast will.” I sank back into my seat, taking a long look at the princess 
sleeping.
“Mmm. I was thinking the same thing. Maybe getting a seal for her until she’s able to 
better control her beast will. It’s a shame that there’s no specific seal for beast wills; I 
worry that she wouldn’t be able to protect herself while her seal is on. Even if it was 
removable, she would be practically defenseless without mana protecting her for a 
period of time,” Virion let out a deep sigh.
“You could always give her some sort of protective artifact. If that’s not enough to keep 
peace in your mind, I’ll be there too, Gramps. I won’t let anything happen to your 
precious granddaughter,” I nodded.
“Oh I’m sure you’d protect Tessia even if she wasn’t my granddaughter,” Virion shot 
me a teasing wink.
We discussed a bit more about the potential powers that Tessia’s beast will might have 
until the both of us were too tired to continue on. Tessia stirred awake every now and 
then while Sylvie was so deep asleep that the only indication that my bond was still 
alive was by the rhythmic expanding and contracting of her belly.
We found ourselves in a luxurious suite with more than enough bedrooms for each of 
us upon reaching the uppermost level of the inn. The rooms were lavishly decorated 
in ornaments and trinkets with the walls intricately laid out with vines, giving the 
place a very fairy-like ambience.
Virion set Tess down inside one of the rooms and came back out to the living room as 
he poured himself a concoction from a bottle that I assumed to be some sort of liquor.
After wishing him a good night, I tossed Sylv on the bed as she kept sleeping, unfazed, 
while I changed into the loose silk robe that was hung up on the robe. Taking a deep 
breath my mind ran through the events of today. After the intense happenings as of 
late, I finally had some time to consolidate my thoughts. With some time to think, I 
divulged myself to what I seemed to have forgotten to do since being born again into 
this world. I began to strategize.
When I wasn’t training my own strength, I was constantly coming up with different 
methods of handling my problems. It was essential to come up with a backup plan in 
case things went wrong, and a backup for the backup plan for when plan A went 
horribly out of line. I hated to admit it, but there were times when I catch myself 
regressing in the way I handle things. As the world around me became some sort of 
exaggerated fairytale, my mindset also turned into an immature and shallow child-like 
protagonist.
Streams of if-then scenarios played out in my mind as I thought back to what I 
discussed with Windsom. If things were really happening as the Asuras made it out to 
be, then I needed to prepare in advance. Advancing my mana core would be the easy 
part. I was more worried about what I’d have to leave behind, at least temporarily, 
while I started training.
Before I leave, I’d have to make sure that my family, Elijah, Tess, Grandpa… that they’d 
all be protected enough so that when the war starts, they can be relatively safe if I’m 
not there.
I thought about my sister, Eleanor. She was still making progress on awakening but it’d 
still be maybe a year or two before she’d be able to start learning magic. She and 
Mother had the protective charm I gave them, but that was just for that one, life 
threatening situation. It wouldn’t save her repeatedly.
After running through different options, an idea dawned on me. It might be better at 
this point to maybe find a bond for Ellie. But it couldn’t just be any bond or there 
wouldn’t be any meaning to it. The mana beast needed to be strong enough and 
protective enough so that it could protect my sister’s life… and maybe occasional 
discourage the weak-willed boys that are audacious enough to try and woo her.
Hehe…
The more I thought about it, the more I came to like the idea.
Hey, it would be pretty normal for a loving brother to get his younger sister a pet that 
could potentially maul anyone that gets within 3 feet from her… right?
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Tessia didn’t wake up until late into the afternoon of the day after. Virion had left in 
the morning to deal with what had happened to their home, and left a note on the 
other side of my door telling me to take “good care” of Tess until he got things sorted 
out. It normally would’ve sounded serious if not for the winking face he crudely drew 
at the bottom of the note, making me question what exactly Gramps’ definition of 
taking good care of someone was.
And furthermore, what was going on inside his crooked head.
“Grandpa~?”
I was meditating on the living room floor with Sylvie still sleeping on my lap when 
Tess came out rubbing her half-opened eyes, bed hair ablaze.
“Huh? A-Art? Where’s Grandpa?” Flustered after realizing it wasn’t Virion who she 
called out to, Tess quickly turned around, frantically matting down her hair.
“Good morning, or rather, good afternoon.” Smiling, I got up and handed her a glass of 
water. “Your Grandpa went back to your house in the morning to get everything sorted 
out.”
“O-oh. Maybe I should go too… I was the one responsible for all of this, after all.”
“There’s nothing either one of us could do. Don’t worry too much for now. Virion and 
your parents will probably be back here later tonight. We’ll go back to my house in 
Xyrus after making sure everything is okay since we have to go to school tomorrow,” I 
explained.
“Still… there must be something I could help out— wait what? I’m going to your 
house?” She still had her hands glued to the side of her head when she reeled back in 
surprise, once again unleashing her bed hair in all of its glory.
“Pfft~ yes. Virion asked me yesterday. It’ll be easier that way, and it’ll probably be 
more comfortable than staying at this inn.”
“I think my heart would be a lot more comfortable staying here.”
“Well, none of your family will be able to be here with you, so I’m sure Virion would 
feel a lot more reassured if you stay with my family until we get to the dorms,” I 
rebutted.
She stayed quiet for a moment before timidly nodding in consent. Even with her hair 
reminding me of an unkempt lion’s mane, she was still somehow cute.
“Kyu~” ‘
Sylvie woke up to the lingering scent of food and leeched a few bites to eat from Tess.
After finishing her breakfast, the princess sat down next to me on the living room floor 
where I was training where she petted Sylvie, who made herself comfortable on Tess’ 
lap.
“Hehe, so cute,” Tessia cooed as she rubbed my formidable draconic Asura’s belly.
“Tess, what did it feel like when you activated the first phase of your beast will?” I 
asked.
“Umm, it felt like a sudden surge of power spilled out and surrounded me. Then, all of 
a sudden, I couldn’t really move my body,” Tess explained as her eyes looked up and 
leftward trying to remember. “It felt like I was trapped in someone else’s body, but I 
wasn’t really scared though, for some reason.”
“Mmm,” I nodded.
The beast will wouldn’t attack its host so it made sense for Tess to have a lack of fear. 
It didn’t make sense, though, for the beast will to have such a strong sense of defiance. 
Even if she skipped the integration stage, Tess’ body still had fully fused with the beast 
will. The will might be difficult to control and to use properly, but it shouldn’t have 
gotten that out of hand. Ironic as it sounded, it felt like the beast will had its own… 
well, had its own will.
“I want you to rouse the Elderwood Guardian’s beast will.” I kneeled down in front of
her before instructing.
“W-what? Is that safe?” Tess looked up, her eyes widening.
“It should be; you're not going to initiate the first phase. Just get a sense for the beast 
will inside of your mana core and let it stream out into the rest of your body. That way, 
I’ll be able to sense more clearly what’s going on.” I scooted arm’s length of Tess, 
making the princess shuffle away.
Wasn’t it her that so boldly initiated a kiss last time? Why is she being so shy now?
“I’m going to have to place my hand on your abdomen, Tess. Don’t move,” I sighed, 
scooting closer forward.
“You make it sound like touching a girl’s belly isn’t anything serious,” Tess pouted, 
clicking her tongue.
“It’s not if it’s for the sake of training.”
“Tch…”
As she began meditating, I placed the palm of my hand on her abdomen, stopping my 
13-year-old body’s curiosity from making my hand venturing upward. Closing my eyes 
as well, I began examining her mana core. Soon enough, as Tess began to release the 
innate mana from the beast will, a flood of emerald-green particles of mana flooded 
over the golden gray specks of wood and wind attribute mana that circulated inside 
her body.
“Mm.”
Tess had a strained look as beads of sweat rolled down her cheeks. Small sparks of 
mana began bursting out of her body as her cramped face told me she was doing her 
best from releasing the beast will’s power which seemingly wanted to break loose.
“Tessia, it’s okay! Stop now!” I hurriedly yelled.
As the princess began trying to recall the beast will back into her mana core, she began 
convulsing. As I put my hand back to her mana core to try and sense the activity going 
on inside of her body, I couldn’t help but be shocked.
The Elderwood Guardian’s beast will that occupied Tess’ mana core and was 
integrated with the rest of her body was fighting back, trying to take control over the 
rest of Tess’ innate mana.
What was going on? How could the beast will go against the host’s will like this? This 
was different from Tess actually manifesting the first phase of her beast will and 
having that go out of control. The beast will’s mana particles were still inside of her 
body when this happened.
A rather crude comparison popped into mind while thinking of this. People of this 
world didn’t really suffer from this, but from my world, nonpractitioners who couldn’t 
reinforce their body with ki suffered from diseases and illnesses. While there were 
horrible diseases that aged the body twice as fast or burned the organs from the 
inside, I would have to say that the scariest disease would be the Drackins Virus. This 
virus would spread through the nerves and make the victim lose control of their limbs 
and eventually their mind. Since the virus couldn't infect practioners it was contained 
fairly quickly, but even then, the epidemic that lasted a year had over three hundred 
thousand fatalities.
This phenomenon that was happening to Tess reminded me of something akin to that 
virus. Just like the Drackins Virus, the beast will’s mana particles weren't integrating 
and reinforcing Tess’ body, but instead weakening the mana formed from her own 
mana core. It didn't seem to the degree of taking over Tess’ body and mind at this stage, 
but it was still eerily comparable.
As the internal battle between Tess’ innate mana and her beast will ensued, I could 
sense the mana levels in her core slowly dwindling. The beast will was clearly less 
rampant than when we were at the training grounds back in Xyrus Academy; whether 
that was thanks to the help of Windsom, I couldn’t be sure. However, I doubt even 
Windsom predicted that the Elderwood Guardian's beast will that I acquired would 
be such an unpredictable outlier.
As Tess continued to fight, trying contain the beast will that wasn't even fully released, 
I gathered some mana into her body as well, making sure to incorporate all four 
elemental attributes so it wouldn't be rejected, before transferring it directly to her 
mana core. While I didn’t give as much mana to Tess as I did to Prince Curtis back 
down at the dungeon, I still felt a tangible drain from my core.
Meanwhile, Sylvie circled around us, wearily, knowing that something was wrong. She 
tilted her head and peeked around me, trying to get a better view of what was going 
on until Tess collapsed on her back, her chest rising and falling from the shortage of 
breath.
“Well, that didn’t go quite as planned,” I huffed, leaning back on my arms as well.
“Tell… tell me about it. I don't get what’s wrong though. It feels like I’m holding onto a 
gate, trying to keep some sort rabid monster caged inside from breaking free.”
I couldn’t help but let out a wry laugh at the accuracy of such a metaphor. Tess’ mana 
core quite literally was serving as the “cage” that kept the rabid beast will from coming 
loose.
With still a pile of questions unanswered, we decided not to touch the Elderwood 
Guardian’s beast will for the time being. We were either going to have to find an 
unconventional way to have her gain control over this power or have her become 
stronger in order properly keep the beast will in check.
Grandpa Virion, along with Tessia’s parents, Alduin and Merial Eralith, arrived at the 
inn suite later in the evening. Needless to say, the former King and Queen of the elves 
were relieved seeing for themselves that their daughter was safe.
The five of us and Sylvie, who was curled up on my lap, sleeping, situated ourselves on 
the couches before getting into the topic of what’s to come.
We discussed briefly about what happened exactly at the castle, but when Tess tried 
to chime in, Virion cut her off and explained in her stead. Gramps played the whole 
thing down, mentioning that part of the explosion was actually his fault and that he 
was just trying to test the limits of Tess’ beast will.
I sat there, perplexed for a moment as to why he might have been hiding the true 
reason, but when our eyes met, his gaze told me that he would explain later.
It was decided that, while the Eralith castle was being rebuilt, the family, minus Tess, 
would stay with Rinia.
Now that was a name that I hadn’t heard in a long time. I owed a lot to the granny that 
had the extremely rare gift of foresight. She was the one that allowed me to make 
contact with my parents after first arriving at the Kingdom of Elenoir after rescuing 
Tess at the time.
“Arthur, why don’t we go together to Rinia’s house before you and Tessia set out for 
Xyrus? The journey is a bit far after she moved but since you saw her as a child, I'm 
sure she’d appreciate it if you came by and said hello,” Merial chimed. “She is going to 
be very surprised at how much you’ve grown.”
“I’d like that,” I responded back with a nostalgic smile reaching my cheeks.
“Ooh, I haven’t seen Grandma Rinia in a long time too!” Tessia leaned forward, her 
expression indicating that she was looking forward to it as well.
“Hmm, while you’re at it, having her get a good read on you should be a good idea.”
Virion’s gaze was focused on some random spot on the ground as he pondered at the 
idea.
Alduin nodded in agreement before saying, “Yes, I think so too. Father, I remember you 
telling me how Rinia was rather interested in Arthur's future.”
After that, it was decided that before leaving for Xyrus early in the afternoon, we’d 
stop by Grandma Rinia’s house, or cottage to be more precise.
Needless to say, it was odd. I, myself, was sleeping on the same bed with Grandpa 
Virion while Tess and her parents slept in the other room. I was rather fine with it but 
sleeping in the same quarters as the royal family of the elves would put anyone else 
on pins and needles. I still wanted to sleep in the living room, for comfort’s sake, but 
Gramps refused, saying that only through sharing tight quarters do men truly bond.
That and bathing together in the nude…
Supposedly…
Elves have some weird customs.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As we made our trip to Rinia’s cottage, I couldn’t help but sigh in awe at how perfect a 
spring morning it was; simply one of those scenes that you couldn’t help but 
appreciate. As it was just past dawn, the morning air was still cool and crisp. On both 
sides of the road, bright morning dew on the moss-covered rocks sparkled from the 
Sun’s rays peeking through the old trees that seemed to tower over us.
The carriage we were riding in hardly shook from the even, marble-like paths 
smoothed from centuries of use. Sylvie was a ball of excitement as I had to grab her by 
the tail a couple of times to keep her from jumping out of the carriage to catch the 
passing butterflies and birds.
Sylvie surprised the royal family when she, while still in my grasp, shot out a small 
blast of fire, charring the curious bird that was unfortunate enough to fly too close.
“Arthur, I have to say that your bond continues to intrigue me.” Alduin Eralith raised 
an amused brow as Sylvie promptly shot out and grabbed the bird with her jaw as it 
fell.
“Now now, leave the boy and his pet alone. In such a vast and mysterious land as ours, 
you can’t be so surprised at things like this,” Virion chided at his son with a wagging 
finger.
“I’d normally agree with you as well, Grandfather, but Arthur’s bond really is unique 
compared to all of the other mana beasts I’ve seen. Even though it’s an infant, its gaze 
twinkles with intelligence.” Merial leaned in closer to Sylvie, who was still chewing on 
the bird she shot down.
“Don’t forget that Sylvie is super cute too!” Just as Sylvie let out a satisfied belch, Tess 
picked her up and hugged her.
“Bahaha! I can’t help but worry that my granddaughter will one day choose her 
precious bond, not by its strength but by its appearance!” Virion howled in laughter, 
making everyone but the princess snicker in agreement.
The trip was fairly long, even with a mana beast pulling the carriage. Tessia soon fell 
asleep with her head against her mother’s shoulder, as Merial slept alongside her 
daughter with her head leaning against Tess’.
“Arthur, I told my son this already but where we’re headed, it’s not a normal cottage.
Rinia, for some reason, chose to isolate herself near the edge of the kingdom. As for 
why, she wouldn’t tell me, but last time I chose to make an unannounced visit, I almost 
died from the traps and defenses she put up,” Virion spoke in a hushed voice.
I raised a brow at Virion’s serious tone. “For what reason does Elder Rinia need to 
protect herself to this extent?”
“My guess is as good as yours. I told her that we were visiting this time, so it should be 
safe, but I want you to watch out for any signs of intrusion. The fact that she needed 
to set up all of these precautions means that there are people out there to be cautious 
of.”
My mind immediately went to her unique abilities as a deviant, however, no one but a 
handful of trusted people should’ve known about it.
“Okay.” I nodded solemnly.
Soon after the conversation, Gramps had also fallen asleep with his arms crossed and 
head bobbing, leaving only my bond, the driver, Tess’ father and myself, awake.
Sylvie had her front paws against the window of the carriage in hopes to catch more 
unlucky birds, her tail wagging rhythmically.
Alduin had a relaxed look on his aged face as he gazed vacantly at the moving scene 
outside the carriage. I knew that each of those wrinkles and creases came from the 
burden of being a king and now a leading figure of the continent.
“I feel like I’ve never had the chance to properly thank you,” he said as his eyes still 
stayed focused outside of the carriage.
“For what, sir?” I replied.
“For taking such good care of my daughter. From what she and father tells me, Tessia 
made it out of some dangerous situations thanks to you.” Alduin turned his head and 
looked at me for a brief moment before revealing a weary smile.
“It’s nothing, sir. Tessia has helped me a lot of times as well.”
“Oh? Like how?” he tilted his head.
I had to think to for a second before responding. “In keeping me sane at times.”
“Not exactly what I expect a thirteen-year-old boy to say, but when it comes to you, I 
can’t help but see you as an adult.” The former king smirked before shifting his gaze 
back outside.
“Your words are kind.”
“I somehow feel utterly confident that you will be able to protect my daughter in my 
and my father’s stead.”
My eyes narrowed in thought at the meaning of his statement, but before I could say 
anything, Alduin just chuckled and waved his hand dismissively.
“Just an overprotective father’s thoughts running wild. Don’t mind me, Arthur… but 
say, have you ever thought of one day marrying Tess?”
“Sir?” I said, taken aback by the sudden shift in course of this conversation.
“I mean, sure, she’s a bit rough around the edges and Merial and I may have spoiled 
her a bit, but she’s a good girl! I bet she’ll be quite the looker given a few years.”
“I thought that traditionally, elves dated and married a lot later—”
“Ha! Tradition? At how fast Dicathen is changing, there’s no room for tradition,” Alduin 
scoffed.
“…”
“Arthur, do you like my daughter?” He bent forward, leaning his arms on his knees.
“…yes.” I hesitated at first but I replied confidently. There was no denying what my 
feelings for the elf princess were. The inner voice of reason that made me back away 
from falling in love with a child was beginning to dissipate. Of course, this didn’t mean 
that I would boldly profess my love and consummate my feelings for her, but I wasn’t 
going to use my mental age as an excuse.
“Good!” Alduin nodded as a row of perfect teeth revealed underneath a charismatic 
smile.
‘Hehe, I knew Papa liked Mama.’ Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, surprising me.
I took a peek at Tess to make sure she was still asleep before reaching for my bond.
TESSIA’ ERALITH’S POV:
He admitted it! I almost shouted out loud in excitement.
Arthur finally said it! He said he likes me. Well… he said yes after he was asked, but 
that’s good enough!
Way to go, Dad!
Oh no, keep your eyes shut, Tess… keep your eyes shut.
Slow down your breathing.
Shoot, I wonder if he can hear how fast my heart is beating. His hearing can’t be that 
good, right?
I’m so happy that I woke up when I did. I wasn’t going to pretend to be asleep at first, 
but I got scared when I heard Father talking about me.
He’s so cruel… how can he say that I’m rough around the edges…
…and that I’m spoiled! I’m not spoiled!
It would be embarrassing to wake up just then, so I kept my eyes closed, but who 
would’ve thought that my father would ask if Arthur likes me… and that Arthur 
actually admit it!
He’s only said that once, and that was after I got angry at him. He surprised me when 
he kissed me all of a sudden.
Hehe…
Oh no, don’t smile, Tess.
“We’re here, Tess. Come on, now, wake up.” My father’s voice saved me as he gently 
shook my shoulder.
“Mmm… We’re here already?” I made my voice wispier, trying to sound like I just woke 
up.
My mother was also stirring awake as my father gently grabbed her hand. As soon as 
she realized she had fallen asleep, she had an embarrassed look on her face.
“Dear me, I showed you an embarrassing sight, Arthur.” She said as she combed her 
hair down with her fingers.
“Haha, it’s absolutely fine, Ma’am. Elder Virion was over here, snoring with his mouth 
open.” Arthur jabbed his elbow at Grandpa who just looked at him in confusion.
I couldn’t look at Arthur in the eye when he turned his gaze to me so I quickly got out 
of the carriage and stretched.
“Ahhh! That was a good nap!” I said a little more loudly than I needed to.
Sylvie hopped out of the carriage after me and stretched as well, opening her mouth 
in an audible yawn before darting her head, taking in her new surroundings.
I looked around too, but I was confused when I didn’t see a cottage, or any sort of sign 
that a person lived here. All that surrounded us were trees and grass, with thick 
bushes that blocked any sort of path there might’ve been.
“Umm, Grandpa, are you sure we’re in the right place?” I asked as I continued 
searching for anything remotely close to a house.
“We have to walk a bit further, but it’s near here. Let’s go.” Grandpa took the lead with 
my father and Arthur following close behind, while Mother ushered me forward as 
well.
Sylvie scampered alongside me, her head darting back and forth in different 
directions, as if it sensed something, making me a bit nervous.
As we made our way deeper into the forest the number of branches we had to 
maneuver around and curtains of vines we had to push aside increased. I wanted to 
ask if we were really going the right direction but the determined and serious look on 
everyone’s faces made me swallow my complaints.
“Honey? Is something wrong? The atmosphere is a bit chilly…” Mother’s voice trailed 
off as she hesitantly followed behind the guys next to me.
“Mm? Ah, yes. Everything is fine! Just being cautious is all.” My father seemed to have 
snapped out of his thoughts at the sound of Mother’s words.
“Stop.” Arthur suddenly put up his hand up abruptly, his other hand gripping the hilt 
of his sword that I didn’t even notice he had until now. Grandpa, who was beside him, 
froze, lowering himself as father carefully inched his way towards us.
I could hear it now in the dead silence.
The faint rustle of leaves that seemed to be getting closer to us.
“Snap.”
Grandpa whipped his body toward the direction of the sound.
I noticed myself scooting towards Mother for protection. With my mana core unstable
because of my beast will, I felt defenseless for the first time in a long while.
My mother was also wary at this point. Both she and Father had their weapons out 
and at the ready. My mother’s thin wand glimmered in a rose gold hue as my father’s 
favorite sabre was already unsheathed.
“Snap!”
The sound was a lot closer this time and it seemed to be coming from our right.
Unknowingly, I glanced at Arthur to find his eyes on me, probably making sure I was 
alright. Sylvie was right next to him with her white fur on its ends, making her look 
bigger.
And then we all saw it. The curtain of vines to our right began rustling and a hunched 
figure covered in shade stepped out from the dense forest.
I could tell everyone were on their toes, ready to retaliate at whatever came out, but 
before anyone had the chance to, a clear voice rang from the shadowed figure.
“What are you lot doing out here looking like fools? Come on, you guys are late!”
The shadowed figure finally stepped into a ray of light that peeked through the trees, 
revealing an all too familiar figure.
“Grandma Rinia!” I couldn’t help but exclaim in relief.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Supposedly, Grandma Rinia’s cottage wasn’t too much farther from where we were.
After our brief greetings and a firm hug from the aged elf that I had come to appreciate, 
we made our way to her dwelling place.
“You’ve grown into quite the handsome young lad, Arthur. If I was just a hundred years 
younger, I might’ve snatched you up for myself,” Rinia teased.
It was disturbing to say the least to hear this from a woman who was almost three 
times my age, but coming from her, I just grinned back.
“Well, I’d have to see how you looked when you were a hundred years younger.”
“Hmph! Ask Virion how stunning I was! Men would swarm over me as soon as I was 
in their sights!” Rinia places one hand on her hip and uses her other to flip her braided 
hair.
“It’s true, Arthur. My mother would tell me how all of the girls her age would be jealous 
of Aunt Rinia,” Tess’ mother giggled.
“Bah! She was above average at best!” Virion waved off.
“Well, of course there was only one girl to have ever caught Virion’s eye…” Rinia’s voice 
trailed off and by the look on her face, she seemed to have regretted bringing it up.
I looked around, completely lost. The gloomy forest we were treading through seemed 
all the more dismal by the sudden change in the air. I glanced at Tess and she seemed 
uncomfortable, but more so confused than depressed like everyone else.
“…I’m sorry, Virion. I was a bit insensitive.” Rinia placed a hand on Virion’s sunken 
shoulder.
“It’s… It’s fine. I should be the one who’s sorry. I know how you felt as well,” He 
dismissed.
We continued on with only the crunching sound of fallen leaves and the snapping of 
twigs filling the silence. My gaze was focused on Sylvie, who was having a blast looking 
for lifeforms underneath the moss-covered rocks and logs.
As her tail wagged furiously in excitement, I couldn’t help but let out a small smile in 
content, despite the sullen atmosphere.
Sneaking a quick peek at Gramps, my mind started itching with questions that I knew 
I shouldn’t ask. Rinia, who apparently saw this, gently placed her hand on my shoulder 
and gave me a strained smile.
As we stepped into a small clearing, a roaring sound of running water filled our ears.
It was as if the trees surrounding this area had acted as a barrier, blocking off all the 
sound. In view, we could now see a wide waterfall cascading down a marble white cliff 
into a small pool of water about six meters in diameter.
“Wow, I didn’t know a place like this existed,” Tess gaped in awe.
“Father, wasn’t this the place you used to take me to when I was a child?” Alduin asked 
while he looked around.
“I see you still remember. Yes, you used to love coming to this place.” Virion let out a 
small smile as he reminisced.
“It’s beautiful…” Merial breathed.
It was beautiful indeed.
There wasn’t much sunlight that was able to reach this small clearing, making the area 
seem more surreal. The thin rays of light that were able to peek through the thick tree 
tops created spotlights that made the moss, grass, and all of the plant life glimmer. The 
waterfall streamed down the white cliff without any intrusion, making it a clear 
curtain of water.
“We’re here.” Rinia stated as she stepped up.
Wordlessly we all followed her as I half expected her to conjure a cottage from the 
ground.
It wasn’t as fancy as that, though. Instead Rinia let out a few inaudible chants with her 
hands raised, raising up roots from underneath the pond into a makeshift bridge 
leading into the waterfall.
Carefully stepping onto the grimy roots, Rinia took the lead with us following close 
behind. With a wave of her arm, she swept the waterfall to the side. However, before 
doing anything else, she looked around, as if to make sure no one was spying on us.
After letting out a sharp breath, Rinia placed her hand on the cliff behind the waterfall, 
which now started to glow with unrecognizable runes.
Just like that, the white marble cliff opened up like a sliding door to reveal a passage 
deeper inside.
“Don’t conjure up any light; we’ll make our way through the dark,” Instructed Rinia, as 
if directly referring to me.
I lost track of how many turns we made, relying on only Rinia guiding us with her 
voice.
“Left.”
“Right.”
“Right.”
“Left.”
Finally we could see a flickering light at the end of the umpth leg of the tunnel.
“Welcome to my little cottage.” With the sparse amount of light, I could barely make 
out the faint smile Rinia had.
By this time, I had no idea where we were, but the homey little hut that couldn’t be 
any bigger than a single room in the Eralith family’s castle was welcoming to my eyes.
“Whew.” Tessia squatted down as she was able finally release her tension.
“This… this is quite the place, Aunt Rinia.” Alduin slid his hand against the wall of the 
cave the hut was in.
“Where are we?” I couldn’t help but ask as I inspected our surroundings as well.
“Somewhere in the elf kingdom.” Was all she said as she made her way into her hut.
Lighted by a few dim shining orbs in the corners of the cave, the place Rinia called 
home reminded me of some sort of dungeon used to hold the worst criminals, not a 
place where a close friend of the royal family would reside.
“I’m sure you have your reasons, Aunt Rinia, but was it really necessary to shut 
yourself in a place like this?” Merial frowned as her eyes focused on the hut Rinia just 
went inside to.
“Just an old lady being overly cautious. Don’t mind me! It’s actually quite cozy once 
you get used to it.” Rinia’s head popped out of the hut’s sheet door.
“Can I see inside too?” Tess had Sylvie wrapped in her arms as she curiously eyed the 
interior of the hut.
“Of course! Everyone, come inside.” Rinia waved us in.
We all looked at each other in doubt, but Virion just herded us all in while saying, 
“Come now, the place isn’t going to eat you up. It’s quite roomy inside, despite its 
appearance. Let’s get something to drink! I’m quite famished.”
Once we settled down into the minimally designed disaster shelter that was Rinia’s 
new home, I sunk into the couch. Leaning my head on my hand, I must’ve nodded off 
because when I woke up, everyone was also asleep.
Rubbing my eyes, I got up to see that Rinia was the only one still awake, sipping on 
something that smelled like an herb tonic.
“They won’t be awake for a while, Arthur. Let’s have a talk,” Rinia said simply without 
even looking at me. She gestured for me to sit in the chair across from her as she 
continued sipping on her tea.
“Well, from how you probably drugged everyone but me, I’m guessing this is 
something that only I can know?” My eyes narrowed, but I trusted Rinia. Besides, if 
she wanted to kill us, I’m sure with her powers of foresight, she already could’ve done 
so.
Wordlessly, I sat down and leaned back, waiting for the aged elf to speak.
“Despite the unforeseen circumstances, you’re quite composed, Arthur.” Rinia’s tone 
seemed to say she expected this.
“I’m sure if you wanted the worse to happen, it would’ve happened already,” I 
shrugged.
“Mm.”
“…”
“Now where do I begin?” she sighed.
“A logical assumption,” nodded Rinia. “Well, let’s begin with a small lesson on my 
powers as a Diviner.”
My ears perked up at this. Learning about a rare deviant form of magic didn’t come by 
often, as textbooks only held a limited amount of information about them.
Noticing the interest on my face, Rinia continued. “As you may know, unlike regular 
mages who draw forth power from the mana particles in the atmosphere, deviants 
have to find their own source of power to fuel their magic.”
I nodded in agreement.
“For example, your mother, an Emitter, has the ability to heal herself and others in a 
way elemental recovery spells can’t compare to.”
I nodded to this as well. There were various recovery spells that could be learned by 
water, wind, and plant attribute mages. Unfortunately, fire and earth didn’t have any 
innate healing attributes, so it was impossible to create a recovery spell out of them.
All in all, though, the recovery spells were still weak and couldn’t compare to the 
healing that Emitters were capable of.
“Emitters have mana cores that naturally accumulate a special type of mana that is 
used to power their spells. Throughout my life, I’ve met quite a few deviants, each with 
unique properties in their magic. They all have one thing in common though; different 
from an elemental deviant such as yourself, each of the deviants have their own pool 
of mana that they use to power their deviant magic.” She looked a little absent-minded 
as she said this.
“It must be an inconvenience for them since they can’t draw in mana from the 
atmosphere,” I added.
“It sure was. After interviewing many deviants, they would all tell me how difficult it 
was to learn even basic elemental spells since they did not have mana cores that could 
harness the mana particles in the atmosphere. However, with their deviant powers, it 
made up for this handicap.”
There was a moment of silence where I could only hear the soft snoring of Sylvie in 
Tess’ arms before Rinia spoke again.
“As for Diviners, it’s quite different. First of all, our powers can awaken at any point in 
our lives, which is quite different from conventional mages and other deviants. Our 
powers mostly come in erratic bursts where, quite often, blurred images and clips of 
the future simply flash through my mind; sometimes they’d be useful, most of the time, 
they were too vague and minute to make anything out of. These little flashes of the 
future don’t expend any mana at all, actually.”
“…” I stayed silent, an eerie feeling creeping up on me.
“If you were to sense my mana core, I actually have quite a normal mana core, capable 
of harnessing and refining the mana particles in the atmosphere, which is why I’m 
quite adept at water attribute magic myself,” Rinia exclaimed mockingly.
“Doesn’t seem like a very useful power if I can’t control it, now does it?” She continued.
“Then what about the spell that you used to allow me to locate my parents and even 
speak to them when I was little?” I questioned.
“Ah, that’s a nifty little spell I made that involves my unique powers as a Diviner, but 
not really. You see, Arthur, true divination is reading the future; knowing when and 
where something is going to happen.”
I was getting lost. “Then if that is your true powers as a Diviner and you said your 
mana core doesn’t power that magic, how do you—”
“With my own lifespan,” she cursed.
“We Diviners shorten our own lifespans each time we choose to consciously look into 
the future. That is the true power of a Diviner. Everything else is just a useful little spell 
that can’t be considered anything more than hat tricks.”
I sat there, wide-eyed, not knowing how to respond.
“What we talked about earlier, Virion’s only love and wife, was another rare Diviner 
that was much more powerful than I was. Her unconscious divinations and prophecies 
would be much longer, much more detailed than mine, and much more frequent at 
that.” Rinia’s reminiscent smile faded as she continued speaking.
“Coupled with her physical beauty and graceful temperament, she was the envy of 
every female elf of our generation. She was the pride of our kingdom and an idol to 
the citizens.
“Things were looking perfect as she fell in love with Virion and the two got married in 
a beautiful ceremony. However, Fate wasn’t as kind to her as everyone thought.”
I couldn’t help but grimace that the tone of this tragedy-in-happening.
“At this time, the war between the Kingdom of Sapin and Elenoir had begun to die 
down, with the talk of a treaty in the air. However, the King of Sapin at the time made 
a last ditch effort to do as much damage to our kingdom as possible before the signing 
of the treaty. He carried out a plan to extinguish the future heir to the throne.”
“You mean…”
“Yes, Virion was the sole target of an assassination mission carried out by the King 
himself,” Rinia spoke in almost a whisper.
“…”
“Mockingly, his wife was repeatedly tormented by visions of Virion’s death. Her 
unconscious prophecies told her little of how Virion would die and every time she did 
something to try and change the future, the outcome only led to a different cause of 
death. Virion knew the toll of his wife using her powers, but she did so anyway behind 
his back, out of desperation to keep him from his inevitable death.”
“Every time I use my powers to look into the future, I can feel the days, weeks, 
sometimes even months being drained out of my body. I could only imagine how 
terrible it must’ve been for her to repeatedly use this cursed power for the one she 
loved.”
I didn’t know what to say, and even if I did, it would have been insensitive to say, 
coming from someone who didn’t know what it felt like.
Rinia’s eyes glistened from the tears that she had been holding back.
“In the end, she was able to keep Virion alive long enough for the peace treaty to be 
signed, but having burned up so much of her lifespan to protect the man she loved, she 
died a few months after in his arms with her youthful beautiful appearance replaced 
with an aged, sickly elder.”
“Do you know who that Diviner was, Arthur?” She looked up with a stream of tears 
rolling down her right cheek.
“She was my sister.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Her words rang out in my ear like a giant gong that was rung at the beginning of every 
year. They say the people with the widest smiles hide the most pain in their hearts. I 
shifted my gaze over to the sleeping Virion and remembered the times that he joked 
around with his cheeky grin.
I had no idea the pain that he had gone through…
I felt like some pubescent teenager that thought the world hated him. I was ignorant 
of the fact that there were others who might’ve suffered from deeper pains than I had.
No words left my mouth after what Rinia said, only focusing on the ever so slight 
tremble of my fingers.
“The reason I bring this up isn’t to elicit pity or sorrow from you. I tell you this so that 
you’ll realize the gravity of what I’m about to inform you of next.” There was a stern 
conviction in her voice that made me look back up.
Elder Rinia paused, as if readying her heart before she spoke. “I used my powers to 
intentionally look into your future, Arthur.”
After all she just told me, what she just said weighed on me all the more. “What? Whywhy?” was all I could stammer out before Sylvie sleepily walked towards me and 
hopped onto my lap, falling asleep again, leaving the both of us with a brow raised.
“Seems like your bond is immune to the herbs I gave her,” she chuckled.
“Yeah, she probably just fell asleep naturally,” I replied with a half grin.
“Well, continuing on, even before the day I first met you when you were a child, I had 
been getting glimpses of your future; never enough to make sense of it, but it was odd 
to have so many visions of a specific person. It has never happened before.” Rinia 
shifted in her seat.
“As you may already be aware, Arthur, things are changing on this continent. Dicathen 
is going through a new era. We’ve already experienced the beginning of it with the 
unity of the three Kingdoms and the unveiling of the Six Lances, but that’s just the 
beginning. Through all of these changes that are going to happen, you always seem to 
be in the center of them somehow, Arthur.” The elderly Diviner locked eyes with mine.
“Then moving to this remote hideout…” I started to say.
She just gave me a slight nod. “With the knowledge I gained from looking into the 
future… your future, it seems like I’ve made some enemies.”
“What exactly is it that you learned from looking into my future?” I asked.
“Here’s the tricky part. Telling you too much of what I saw can affect even the 
outcomes you want. On the other hand, telling you too little defeats the point of me 
looking into the future in order to find a better outcome,” she sighed.
“How do you feel though, Rinia? You just gave up some of your life in order to see my 
future… are you okay?” I couldn’t help but frown.
“I’ll be fine. I’ve lived long enough, anyway. I might as well use some of it to help the 
future.” Rinia waved her hand dismissively.
“I hate sounding like some old fortune teller warning the hero to be careful and other 
sorts of generic advice that he can pick up from anyone, but it pains me to say that I 
can only do that much.” I could tell she was trying to make light of the situation to ease 
my guilt.
“Arthur…” Rinia’s tone became serious, almost foreboding, “You will face many 
hardships. Whichever future you decide, that will remain constant. You will have 
enemies and you will have obstructions in your path, but through all of that, what I 
can leave you with that you need to have an anchor, an end goal. What is it you want 
to accomplish in your life? That will be what determines your path.”
This sounded more like a motivational speech than a prophecy, but as if she had read 
my mind, Rinia continued.
“Be grounded, Arthur and I’ll leave you with these two things. One, people do bad 
things for good reasons, so don’t just take them for what they do on the surface and 
keep your mind sharp. Two, oftentimes, the scariest enemy isn’t the one on the throne, 
leading the forces, but the abandoned soldier that has nothing to lose; for that, stay 
wary and don’t be overconfident.” Rinia’s voice became a soft whisper as she warned 
me, leaving an uncomfortable silence in the room.
“I’m sorry I can’t say anything more, but all I can say is to follow and trust your 
instincts. You are a particularly sharp fellow and I know you’ll make the right choices, 
but sometimes, the right choice isn’t always the best choice.”
The talk with Rinia ended, leaving me with a rather bad taste in my mouth, like one 
would get after taking a spoonful of a bitter tonic. Helpful and necessary, but bitter 
nonetheless.
Rinia woke everyone up soon after, with me pretending to have been asleep with them 
as well. Rinia made some excuse that she accidentally mixed in some herbs for 
relaxation that was a lot stronger than she anticipated. No one seemed to mind and 
we continued on with a light lunch that Rinia prepared out of edible plants and 
mushrooms. It tasted good despite the lack of meat, but by Sylvie’s reaction, I’m sure 
she would disagree.
It was pretty late in the afternoon by the time we finished eating and had to get on our 
way. A bigger surprise than the fact that Rinia’s home was in the center of a 
mountainside cliff, was the fact that, through a secret door and passage, she had her 
own teleportation gate.
Since teleportation gates were made in ancient times, supposedly with the help of the 
deities, or Asuras, as I now know, it wasn’t possible to make any more. Virion wasn’t 
as surprised as everyone else, including me, but knowing Rinia’s powers, I could only 
shrug and realize that this was something within her abilities.
After saying our goodbyes, Tess and I, along with Sylvie, went through the gate. Along 
with the dizzy feeling I was left with after crossing, we were welcomed back to the 
edge of Xyrus City by guards that had their spears pointed at us.
After realizing that the unknown crossers were teens and had the Xyrus Academy 
uniform on, they quickly lowered their weapons.
“We apologize, the portal you were coming from was read as an unknown gate, so we 
didn’t know who or what would pop out from the other side. It’s rare, but there have 
been times when mana beasts accidentally stumble through a teleportation gate 
somewhere deep in the Beast Glades,” one of the guards, that seemed to be the leader, 
said, although his eyes still watched us with a studying gaze.
“It’s fine. We came from one of the other cities of Elenoir and the guard did mention 
that he was having troubles with the gate from time to time,” I shrugged.
With an understanding nod, the guards let us go and since there were no carriage 
waiting for us, the three of us walked to the nearest stop and found a carriage to take 
us. The sun was already setting and I could see the color distortion in the sky as the 
Aurora Constellate was soon coming to its peak. It was a lot easier to see it from the 
floating city than through the dense trees in Elenoir.
“Wow, the Aurora Constellate really is beautiful every time you see it,” Tess said in awe.
“Kyu~” ‘The sky is colorful!’ Sylvie also sat at the edge of the carriage, her small head 
gazed up in appreciation.
When we made it back to the Helstea Manor, Sylvie scurried up the stairs leading to 
the door and scratched at it. As Tess and I followed her up, the door opened, revealing 
a person that I didn’t expect to see.
“Jasmine?!” I stopped where I stood and gasped.
“Long time no see,” my mentor from my adventurer days replied, with the only visible 
sign on her expressionless face that she was happy to see me, the slight grin she had.
Before I had the chance to say anything more, the rest of the Twin Horns came, one by 
one, each with a big grin on their faces as they saw me with a girl they’d never seen 
before.
“You’ve grown,” Durden said with a warm smile on his wide, tanned face.
“Look who we have here! Mr. Hotshot bringing home a lady,” Adam Krensh, the wildlooking vagabond spear user cooed, leaning on the edge of the doorframe.
“Wow, look who’s become more of a man.” Helen Shard, the archer, still as charismatic 
as before, winked at me.
While they all stayed at the top of the stairs, waiting for us to come up, Angela hopped 
down the stairs herself and picked me up in a bear hug.
“Look how cute you’ve gotten!!” She squealed as she waved me around, my legs 
dragging helplessly on the cement stairs since she was too short to completely pick 
me up off the ground.
“Mmmfph mmmh!” Any hopes to articulate words failed as the abyss of her wellendowed bosom absorbed my face.
“I-I think you should let go…” I heard Tess stammer out as she tugged on the side of 
my uniform.
“Look who we have here! Aren’t you the cutest little elf!” Angela Rose put me down 
like discarded waste and picked up Tess, who let out a squeal in surprise.
My family soon came out and greeted us with open arms, with my sister, Eleanor, 
already having Sylvie in her arms.
I was eager to catch up with the Twin Horns over dinner since I haven’t seen them in 
over a year, but I could tell Tess was kind of uncomfortable with all of this. She already 
felt a bit out of place being in my home, but with the unexpected guests that she’d
never seen before, she was feeling all the more tense and awkward.
My mother and sister tried to make her feel more comfortable, but since she was being 
awkward with me as well for some reason, she couldn’t take it.
“Are you really going back to the academy?” I asked.
Tess had just told everyone after apologizing that she had to go back to school first for 
some Student Council work that she was sorely behind on.
“I’ve missed too much school and work has probably piled up by now. Thank you guys 
for your hospitality and I’m sorry I couldn’t stay longer.” Tess made a curt bow and 
followed after the driver that came to get her.
I went outside with her, uncertain if I should go with her or not.
“Don’t worry about me! I’ll admit it was a bit uncomfortable for me in there, but that’s 
not the main reason I’m going back. I really am behind on Student Council work and I 
feel bad since even Lilia is still at school. It wouldn’t be right of me to be in her home 
relaxing while she’s working, right?” Tess gave me a reassuring smile.
“You’re right, but I’m just worried since Gramps said that you still had to rest. Your 
mana core still is a bit unstable, even with the seal that Rinia gave you before we left.
I just feel more comfortable if I was near you in case something happened.” I scratched 
my head, a rather doubtful feeling itching up on me.
“I have no reason to use magic at the academy for the time being anyways. Besides, 
you’re coming back to school tomorrow. I think I’ll be able to survive until then,” she 
gave me a playful wink, distilling the previous awkwardness she had.
“Alright, but be careful.” I lightly bonked her head, getting a light punch on the stomach 
in reply.
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“Whew.” It was getting harder and harder to keep a straight face in front of Arthur. If I 
stayed and talked to him any longer, I felt like my face was going to burn like a candle.
My body felt out of sync because of my mana core; It affected my body, as if somebody 
tilted the world just slightly enough to throw me off balance, but I didn’t tell Arthur 
this since he’d just get overly worry.
After closing my eyes for what seemed like a couple of seconds, I was already close to 
the school gate.
“Thank you!” I said to the driver.
He gave me a friendly nod in reply, tipping his hat, before driving back toward Lilia’s 
house.
Right after stepping through the barrier and entering the gate, the atmosphere 
seemed to have changed drastically. My body tensed immediately, as if signaling my 
brain that there was danger nearby.
“Hoho! You’re here… ALONE? Pfft! This is going to be easier than I thought! Yes it is!”
The throaty voice surprised me. I immediately whipped my head toward the source of 
the voice.
“Lucas? Lucas Wykes?” I gaped.
It surely was Lucas, but something was off… well a lot of him was off. His skin was gray, 
first off, and the way his body spasmed randomly made him look more like a rabid 
monster than a student.
I wanted to move, but I couldn’t. The pressure and bloodlust he was giving off didn’t 
allow me too. All my body could do in response was shiver.
“Hehe… I can’t believe you’re here alone, no I can’t! It’s nice seeing you again, Princess!
As beautiful as ever, yes you are!” Lucas approached me with jagged steps.
This wasn’t Lucas anymore… The feeling I got from him was more of a deranged mana 
beast than from his usual egotistical self.
Seeing the expression on my face, his face tilted as he revealed a toothy grin. “Why 
don’t you play with me until Arthur gets here?”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Tess leaving for school left me with a rather uneasy feeling, but, needless to say, we 
still enjoyed the night. The Helstea Manor was in a festive mood, with barrels of liquor 
brought up from the cellar by Vincent himself. Lilia’s father was getting the most 
enjoyment out of this, along with my father, who were both in an inebriated state 
before I even got home. It turns out that the Twin Horns made a detour on their series 
of expeditions in the Beast Glades to visit us during the Aurora Constellate. It meant a 
lot to my parents just being able to see their old comrades again and share a drink or 
two as a toast to old times and embarrassing memories.
After my father and Vincent, Adam Krensh was the next to become intoxicated, his 
flushed cheeks almost matching his fiery red hair. It was rather fascinating witnessing 
everyone’s alcohol-induced habits since my mother and Tabitha wouldn’t allow me to 
drink alongside them. Adam was your typical loud and rowdy drunk, seeming to lose 
enough coordination for an infant to be able to wrestle him to the ground and win.
Angela Rose seemed to lose all sense of personal space as she began conversing with 
me with her cheeks stuck to mine. It didn’t help that every spoken word was 
accompanied by two or three hiccups, making it almost impossible to decipher what 
she was trying to say. Tabitha ended up having to peel her off of me and ‘kindly’ escort 
the coquettish mage up the stairs by the back of her collar.
I had a hard time containing my laughter while Durden Walker soon became drunk as 
well. What surprised me the most was when he opened his eyes. The usual narrow 
shape that looked more like a slit became a stern mono-lidded dictator’s surprised 
expression. It didn’t help that his eyebrows that were normally slanted down were 
furrowed into an upward tilt, making his overall expression a mixture of intense focus 
and uncontainable surprise. He would take on this gruff commanding tone when 
speaking, and for the past hour or so before passing out, he was spouting out training 
drills to one of the empty barrels of beer while participating in the exercises himself.
I couldn’t tell whether my former guardian, Jasmine Flamesworth, was drunk or not 
until she came up, eyes glossy and unfocused, and started repeating to me how much 
she thought of me and how worried she was as to whether or not I was adjusting to 
school well. Eventually, everyone retired to their respective rooms. Mother towed my 
father, who was cradling a bottle of what smelled like whiskey as if it were a newborn, 
back into their room. Tabitha doing the same for her husband as well. My sister went 
to sleep with Sylvie quite a while ago in her room, leaving only the leader of the Twin 
Horns, Helen Shard, and me in the war zone that was once a dining room.
“Quite the party, isn’t it? I’m sure this wasn’t exactly how you pictured your reunion 
with us to go,” Helen let out a contained giggle.
I laughed in response. “With everything that’s been going on these days, it was nice 
seeing everyone let loose.”
“Your parents told us briefly about everything that has happened to you since we were 
gone. You seem to be doing a fairly good job of taking on your father’s role in worrying 
your mother.” The faint smirk that curled on Helen’s lips told me she was reminiscing 
of the past.
“It seems to be the one skill that I seem to be getting better at without even trying.”
“If only it were like that for me with mana manipulation,” Helen sighed, making us 
both laugh.
We moved to the living room after the maids started showing up and cleaning the 
dining room. There, we sat with only a coffee table separating us as we continued 
talking and catching each other up on what had happened in our respective lives.
It was the first time I’d talked to Helen for this long, but it was comfortable, and she 
talked to me in a demeanor as if she were talking to an adult, not someone who had 
barely hit his or her teens. She had an eloquent way of talking that wasn’t usual for an 
Adventurer; she seemed more suited to leading strategic meetings, not being on the 
front lines, fighting.
“If you don’t mind me asking, Arthur, what level is your mana core? I can’t seem to 
even sense your level anymore.” Helen lifted her feet from the coffee table and leaned 
forward as she asked this.
“Solid Yellow,” I answered simply. I didn’t want to sugarcoat or try to downplay my 
level.
“I see. Congratulations, sincerely.” Helen had a mixed expression on her face, one 
where she was trying to hide her disappointment, but failed. She wasn’t disappointed 
in me, but herself because even though she more than double my age, I had surpassed 
her by quite a bit.
“It seems like you are made for bigger and greater things, Arthur. With the discovery 
of a new Continent and all, I suspect that this small Academy will only be able to hold 
you down for so long. We should get some rest.” She gave me a smile that didn’t reach 
her eyes and left after giving me a firm pat on the shoulders.
Collapsing on my bed without the energy or will to even wash, I laid there, thinking 
about everything that had happened in my life. Was it just a coincidence that I was 
sent, or actually born into this world as it was going through this so much change?
Was I really some cliche protagonist from a bedtime fairy tale that they always read to 
us at the orphanage? I couldn’t help but scoff at the thought of being some bored god’s 
source of entertainment as he toyed with my life in the name of me being ‘The Chosen 
One’.
Was I in the hands of some god as a chess piece to make the run world as he saw fit? I 
squeezed my eyes shut, hoping that would help me get rid of these thoughts. The 
thought of my fate being under someone else’s control didn’t sit right with me. Turning 
to my side, I chose to dust these fears away… life was already so unexpected, why make 
it more complicated?
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
“GET DOWN!” I roared as I conjured an earthen wall between the mana beasts and the 
other students behind me.
“ATTENTION RENOWNED STUDENTS OF XYRUS ACADEMY!” A rather high-pitched 
grating voice echoed throughout the campus. “AS YOU MAY ALL BE AWARE, YOUR 
INSTITUTION IS CURRENTLY UNDER ATTACK BY MY LITTLE PETS. NO NEED TO FEAR 
FOR I AM BOTH JUST AND MERCIFUL!” The voice seemed to taunt us as he said this 
because there was a dwarven student in the jaws of a discolored black-fanged wolf, a 
B class mana beast.
Even as I conjured up a rock spear underneath the belly of the black-fanged wolf, it 
still had the time to take the student’s life before collapsing. Gnashing my teeth, I 
looked away from the dimming gaze of the dwarf that was pleading with his eyes 
before passing away. If I didn’t have experience as an Adventurer, I would’ve thrown 
up as the student’s insides spilled from the fatal wound caused by the mana beast.
Instead, I calmed myself using a brief meditation technique that I had learned from 
class that steadied the flow of my mana core before scouting for any other students to 
save.
“HUMAN STUDENTS, AS LONG AS YOU RAISE BOTH YOUR HANDS AND SWEAR YOUR 
ALLEGIANCE WITH ME, THE MANA BEASTS WILL NOT ATTACK YOU! ELVES AND 
DWARVES, DO NOT STRUGGLE AND ALLOW MY PETS TO DESTROY YOUR MANA CORE 
AND YOU ARE FREE TO LEAVE~ KEKEKEKE!!!” The voice’s deranged laugh sent a shiver 
down my spine. It was enjoying the carnage that was going on in this school that had 
been so peaceful just hours before.
Although the radical group had been escalating their terroristic activity, this was on a 
completely different level. It happened so suddenly that there was no way to prepare 
for an event like this. As far as I could tell, though, at this point was that this stage of 
their plan was meticulously executed. There were no places to escape to and no way 
to call for help.
The once clear barrier formation that kept any intruders, including mana beasts, from 
entering the campus, had already turned into a translucent red cage, making the sky 
look like it was dipped in blood, keeping anyone or anything from leaving.
I didn’t know who the voice belonged to, but its motives were clear. He was willing to 
take human captives, but wanted all nonhuman mages either dead or incapacitated. I 
could see pillars of smoke from different buildings of the academy where fights were 
happening. From time to time, I locked eyes with some of the Disciplinary Committee 
members as they were fighting off several mana beasts, acknowledging each other 
since we had no time to brief each other on the situation elsewhere.
There were obviously traitors in the academy, because some of the professors were 
now being held off by other professors while cloaked figures, as well as the mana 
beasts, were taking care of the students.
It was strange; I’ve seen some of the mana beasts while I was an Adventurer, but the 
only thing different about them was the coloration, or lack of color to be more exact.
Except for their matching red eyes, all of the mana beasts that flooded Xyrus Academy 
looked like they had their colors drained, as they were just different hues of gray.
I couldn’t tell how many hours had passed since the invasion started, but there were 
no signs of help arriving for some reason, like we were closed off from the rest of 
Xyrus.
I trudged on through the campus quad where bodies laid limp and pools of blood 
formed around them. This academy was supposed to be the safe haven for future 
mages of this continent. It pissed me off more than anything that there weren’t proper 
measures implemented for this type of scenario. Since the unification of the three 
Kingdoms, did The Council not think that there would be enemies?
Just as I was about to follow after a cloaked figure into one of the Alchemy labs, a 
throaty growl caught my attention enough to avoid a thorned growler’s jaw.
Unfortunately, I couldn’t avoid its pounce and was hammered into the ground hard 
enough to knock the wind out of me.
“Grrrrr,” as the giant, furry lizard-shaped mana beast’s saliva was drenching my 
uniform, its red eyes were staring at me, as if waiting for me to do something.
“Screw off!” I grunted as I simultaneously conjured a pillar from the ground, launching 
the two-meter long mana beast in the air before it flipped agilely to regain its ground.
Before I had the chance to do anything more, a sword flew down from the sky, 
skewering the thorned growler’s head to the ground. The mana beast squirmed 
helplessly for a couple of seconds before its body also sank to the ground lifelessly.
“Thanks,” I grunted, too tired for pleasant formalities. It was Curtis Glayder who came 
down from the top of a nearby statue to retrieve his weapon. His bond, a world lion, 
following briskly behind him.
“No problem. You should get somewhere safe until we get reinforcements; it’s too 
dangerous out here in the open,” he said, nodding back.
“I’ll be fine. There are too many enemies for you guys to handle while I hide. I can still 
help.” I bandaged my bleeding arm that had been cut open just now with a torn sleeve 
and turned my back to follow after the cloaked figure.
Suddenly, a sound that could only have been amplified with mana boomed like 
thunder. I couldn’t even hear myself scream in pain as both Curtis and I reeled in pain.
The ear-numbing ring from the watchtower’s bell didn’t reverberate in my chest. I felt 
it in my feet as the whole earth shook from it.
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
As the earsplitting sound of the bell tower faded into a dull ring, the owner of the same 
grating voice, that was most likely the cause of all this, cleared his throat before 
speaking.
“AHEM! TESTING… AH AH… PERFECT!” The sound was coming from the bell tower 
near the center of campus. “STUDENTS AND FACULTY MEMBERS OF XYRUS ACADEMY.
I WOULD LIKE TO WELCOME ALL OF YOU TO JOIN US FOR THE FINAL CEREMONY. I 
ADVISE EVERY ONE OF YOU TO MAKE YOUR WAY TOWARDS THE BELL TOWER, AS THIS 
IS SOMETHING YOU GUYS WOULDN’T WANT TO MISS! DON’T WORRY, MY LITTLE PETS 
WON’T BITE ANYMORE~ I PROMISE.”
With a quick glance and nod at each other, Curtis and I immediately headed towards 
the bell tower. “Get on, quick!” Curtis beckoned with his left arm stretched out as he 
rode atop his world lion, Grawder.
Grawder let out a dissatisfied grunt, but otherwise kept to himself as I hopped onto 
its back behind Curtis, using this time to circulate mana towards my injuries in hopes 
of easing some of the injuries.
As we got closer to the bell tower, I could see flashes of spells go off in the vicinity. 
“What do you think is going on?” Curtis asked. I couldn’t see his face, but from just his 
voice I could imagine the sort of anxious expression he had on his frustratingly 
handsome face.
“Some of the students and professors are firing spells at the bell tower,” I commented 
the obvious, not knowing what else to say.
“It looks like there’s some sort of barrier surrounding the bell tower,” Curtis pointed 
out as a translucent wall flickered after receiving a spell cast by a professor.
It wasn’t long until we came into full view of what was happening as the ‘main event’.
There was a large stone platform that hadn’t been there before; most likely erected by 
magic. The once flawless marble floor around the bell tower, which marked the center 
of the academy, was cracked and splintered with pools of wet crimson blood. Various 
species of discolored mana beasts had gathered around the platform, waiting 
patiently, almost robotically, ignoring the frightened students just outside the barrier.
[Earthen Javelin Barrage]
[Supernova]
[Thunder Spear]
[Windblade Twister]
After a jumbled drone of chanting, several high-leveled spells were cast in the 
direction of the bell tower, but despite the huge manifestations of elements 
bombarded onto a single point, the mana shield that closed off the bell tower only 
fizzed harmlessly before eating up all of the spells. Seeing that leaves of the trees on 
the inside of the barrier had not the slightest rustle proved how impenetrable this 
barrier was.
There was a large crowd of both students and faculty members in front of the bell 
tower, who were both injured and scared; unsure of what to do as the professors made 
fruitless attempts at breaking through the protective field.
“Stay here while I try to find the rest of the DC members,” Curtis instructed before 
dropping me off near the front of the barrier. Before I could say anything, Grawder 
raced off with his master riding on its back, leaving me anxiously waiting for 
something to happen.
The crowd of disheveled students were all anxiously chatting with their friends and 
peers about the disaster that fell upon them today. Some were crying, while other redeyed students had already passed that phase and were waiting with hardened 
expressions. I could only wait as well. With the cage keeping us from leaving the 
academy grounds and mana beasts that seemed ready to jump and devour any who 
disobeyed, I could see the hope in their eyes flickering away. We were prisoners of this 
massacre awaiting our sentence.
Although most of the students in the crowd seemed only lightly injured and 
battered—indicating that they caved in rather quickly—there were a few fighters 
whose injuries were more serious. Fortunately, some of the professors were adept in 
the field of healing. While they couldn’t compare to Emitters, they were able to save a 
few lives today.
“WELL IT SEEMS THAT EVERYONE ALIVE HAS MADE IT TO THE GRAND FINALE OF 
TODAY’S SHOW! I THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING!” The high-pitched tenor had a 
piercing quality that made everyone turn their attention back towards the bell tower.
He appeared… as if manifesting out of the shadows. The source of the jarring voice 
that sounded like rusted nails scraping against a chalkboard. He wore a gaudy red 
robe, decorated with an unreasonable amount of jewelry, reminding me of some 
second son of a king; a figure who was so down the line of power that his only defining 
aspect was his inherited wealth. The man wore a rather creepy mask that didn’t match 
his attire. It was a simple white mask with two slits for his eyes, and a crudely drawn 
jagged smile the color of blood. Behind his mask was a head of crimson hair that 
flowed past his shoulder blades.
While he had his hands behind his back, it looked like he was holding something, but 
I couldn’t make out what it was because of his shadow.
At the sight of the bold figure, the murmuring of everyone ceased, creating a rather 
eerie atmosphere. A deafening silence descended upon the crowd as all eyes fell on 
the mysterious masked man, depicting both curiosity and fear of what he would do 
next.
Drip. Drip. Drip. The sound of small droplets splashing on the ground echoed through the 
entire space, further adding to the uneasy suspense.
All of a sudden, an earthen spear barreled directly at the masked culprit, unfortunately 
its trajectory ended as it smashed into the protective shield, shattering into pieces.
Unfazed, he stood there as students began chanting in desperate hopes that somehow, 
the barrier had weakened enough for us to break through.
There were strings of curses shouted out at the masked figure as everyone realized 
that it was impossible to break through. I heard familiar voices cry out insults and 
profanities as they didn’t know what else to do at this point.
“Pfft…” The man’s shoulder bobbed up and down as he tried to contain his laughter.
“PUAHAHAHAHAHA!” His manic laughter, unaided by mana, echoed throughout the 
area, somehow drowning out everyone else’s voices.
I could see a mixture of emotions in the students’ and professors’ faces: Fear, anger, 
desperation, confusion, frustration, and helplessness as they were all stunned into 
silence by the abrupt laughter.
It was then that the masked man tossed the object he was holding behind his back 
onto the floor.
With a dull thud, the spherical object rolled into view close enough for the people in 
the front to see.
It was a hea…
It was a real head.
It wasn’t the sound of water dripping that I heard, it was blood from the head.
It took my mind a couple of seconds of blank staring to process what was going on 
before a wave of nausea hit me like a bat.
I threw up.
Over and over again.
The stench of last night’s dinner mixed with an acidic twist made me gag more until I 
was left with only dry heaves and watery eyes.
By the time I composed myself, I could see students and professors alike either looking 
away, pale-faced, or clutching their stomachs as they continued vomiting on the 
ground.
I didn’t want to look again, but my eyes were itching to look back at the decapitated 
head. When I saw it again, I noticed it was a dwarf’s. I’d seen her before, but hair 
covered some of her face as a pool of blood expanded from underneath with only the 
bone of her spine jutting out… it was so white.
I was drawn to the gore. My mind was screaming to turn away, but my eyes stayed 
fixated on the gruesome sight as everything else blurred out of focus.
As his disturbing laughter continued, his whole body shaking in delight, a booming 
howl caught everyone’s attention.
“NOOOOOOO! DORADREA!” I spotted Theodore as he roared, charging furiously 
towards the masked man. He knocked aside the students that weren’t quick enough 
to get out of his one man stampede.
“DORADREA!” Theodore screamed, his voice cracking as he hammered his fists 
against the translucent barrier.
There were only two sounds that could be heard. It was the sound of delighted 
laughter coming from the masked man, and the sound of Theodore’s thunderous 
pounding against the barrier.
BOOM!
It was one of the Disciplinary Committee members…
BOOM!
The same group Arthur was in…
BOOM!
A crater was formed underneath Theodore as the marble floor around him continued 
to crumble and cave under the pressure of his might. As he continued smashing 
against the barrier, blood began streaming down his arms as his hands were shattered 
by his own strength. Despite that, the fury never left Theodore’s eyes as his icy gaze 
never left the masked man.
“COME OUT HERE AND FIGHT ME, YOU COWARD!” Theodore howled, a deranged look 
shrouding his eyes.
Suddenly, the masked man stopped his laughter and he removed his mask. His face 
was narrow and sharp, with skin that glowed in a hue of gray. In spite of the sharp and 
the attractive features he boasted, it was hard to miss the crazy, almost psychotic 
expression that seems to have been permanently ingrained into his being. His face was 
wrinkled in a scowl as he tilted his head to the side, as if he was confused by 
Theodore’s last statement.
“Coward? Me?” The masked figure began walking towards Theodore with the easy 
arrogance of someone who knew that everything in the world existed for his taking, 
every one of his steps seeming to drive a nail into the minds of everyone present.
“Yes, you! Stop hiding behind this barrier and fight me!” He growled back, blood 
continuing to drip from his broken hands.
“Coward? Me? The mighty and reborn Draneeve… hiding?” The person called 
Draneeve blinked out of view and appeared in front of Theodore with a speed so fast, 
Theodore wasn’t even able to react as Draneeve pulled him to the other side of the 
barrier. He threw the Disciplinary Committee member easily onto the erected 
platform.
Caught off guard, Theodore landed less than elegantly on his back before squirming 
to his knees as he had trouble putting weight on his crippled hands.
Again, Draneeve blinked in a sudden flash of speed and squatted down facing 
Theodore. “Why don’t you fight me now?” A sinister smirk curved on the red-haired 
man’s face.
With a desperate yell, Theodore jumped up, bringing his leg down, executing a heel 
kick towards Draneeve’s shoulder.
BOOM!
As the platform splintered and a cloud of dust formed, it was obvious that Theodore 
imbued enough mana into his leg to crumble a building.
There were a few cheers from the students as we all waited for the cloud to clear. I too 
hoped that the attack was enough to warrant cheering, but I knew it wouldn’t be that 
easy.
A howl of pain amidst the cloud of debris rendered the cheers moot as we waited with 
bated breath. As the dust cleared, none of us were prepared for what we saw.
It wasn’t a secret to everyone here that Theodore was a deviant, capable of using mana 
to manipulate gravity. Just from the fact that the stone platform shattered like glass, 
we knew that Theodore hadn’t held back during his attack just then, but what we did 
not expect was for Theodore’s leg to still be positioned atop Draneeve’s shoulder 
where it landed… except… Draneeve was fine while Theodore’s leg had been snapped 
cleanly in half.
We all stood there with our mouths agape. Even the professors were baffled by the 
clear difference in strength between the two. Theodore’s attack would’ve even made 
the professors do everything that they could to dodge the attack, yet this mysterious 
man here had taken it head on and come out unscathed despite the freshly made 
fissures.
“Come on! The Great Draneeve isn’t hiding. Let’s fight!” The smirk never left his face as 
he kicked Theodore away like rag doll.
“I’m fighting you like you wanted, right? What’s wrong?” Draneeve tilted his head 
again in mock confusion as he continued to beat Theodore into a stupor. His face was 
no longer even recognizable as he was pummeled to a bloody and broken mess. The 
rest of us couldn’t even do anything… only watch as our fellow schoolmate was 
tortured right in front of our eyes.
“……cker,” Theodore managed to croak before vomiting out blood.
“Hmm? What was that?” Draneeve landed another solid kick to his side, a loud crack 
of a broken bone accompanying it.
Lifting his battered head, Theodore looked straight up into his assailant’s eyes with a 
look of pure hatred and disdain before he spat the blood congealed in his mouth at 
Draneeve’s foot.
I could see veins popping on Draneeve’s forehead but he simply took a deep breath as 
he ran his fingers through his red hair, peering down in disdain at the bloody mess 
that was Theodore like a squashed insect.
“I see you still have a bit of fight left in you! Hmm… it is too bad though, you seem to 
be on the verge of dying from blood loss. Let me help you with that.”
“GAAAAAAAHHHH!” The gurgled scream was all I could hear as Theodore combusted 
into crimson flames at the snap of Draneeve’s fingers. That was all he did… snap his 
fingers.
He snapped them again, extinguishing the flames, leaving a charred and smoking 
carcass.
I realized by this time that my hands were covered in warm crimson from my nails 
digging into the flesh of my palms. I was useless at this point. Even if I ended up 
succeeding in breaking the barrier, wouldn’t I just end up like Theodore?
“Pfft! See! I helped him! He’s not bleeding anymore, right? PUAHAHAAHAHA!” His 
cackling laugh filled the area as he began clapping for himself in amusement.
Seeing that none of us laughed along, he just shook his head. “Oh poo~ you guys are no 
fun. Relax, I left him alive for now.”
I peeled my eyes away from Theodore’s decimated body to see Curtis being held back 
by the other members of the Disciplinary Committee. His mouth was covered by Claire 
who had a trail of tears streaming down her anguished face. The princess, Kathlyn, 
was holding onto her brother’s arm with her head down so I couldn’t see her 
expression. I couldn’t see that elf, Feyrith, and the member, the mysterious one with 
the narrow eyes. I think his name was Kai…
“NOW! I apologize to you all for the delay! Without further ado, we will now commence 
with our main event! Fellas, bring them out!”
As Draneeve grandly waved his arm like some conductor, the frozen mana beasts 
stirred and sat up straight as a line of hooded figures, covered in robes, came out from 
the bell tower, each dragging with them a student.
It was when I saw her that my mind came to a stop.
I felt like I was suddenly swimming in thick syrup as my hand pressed hard against 
the barrier. I fell to my knees and just stared out in front of me, in a daze.
Being dragged by her hair, her face battered and bruised while her clothes torn and 
messy… was Tessia.
CLAIRE BLADEHEART’S POV:
I held onto Curtis, clasping my hand over his mouth in desperation. My vision blurred 
as tears continued to well up and stream down my cheeks.
We couldn’t… I couldn’t do anything.
The Disciplinary Committee members were in charge of preserving the safety and 
order within Xyrus Academy. I was handpicked by Director Goodsky herself to take on 
this vital duty, and with the exception of Arthur, I was assigned the task of choosing 
the members and leading them.
I was their leader, yet I had let all of this happen… I chose to let in a spy.
I was ignorant of the fact that all of our movements were being leaked to the enemy.
I was responsible for the state Theodore was in right now. Even if he made it out of 
this alive, he would never be able to walk on his own two feet again.
I was responsible for Feyrith getting captured.
I was responsible for the death of Doradrea Oreguard.
…
I should’ve noticed it by how the radical group seemed to know of our every move and 
effortlessly slip past us on each occasion. I guess subconsciously, I believed that my 
team members would, without a doubt, be loyal.
Because of my naive assumptions, we were the first to get attacked. It had happened 
last night, when the soft, dim light of dawn peeked out of the horizon. We had been 
busy preparing for the full-scale battle that would come eventually; finalizing the 
emergency evacuation plan after constructing makeshift safe houses out of basements 
and old classrooms for students to barricade themselves in.
We had all agreed that this might be going a bit overboard, but I now realized that it 
wasn’t even close to enough.
Restless, everyone decided to let out some steam by training. It was Kai’s idea. He 
suggested that we enlarge the area of the training barrier so that everyone could 
practice without the students, who were all on edge from the recent events, being 
startled by the sounds of spells and weapons colliding.
We had never enlarged the training barrier before, but nevertheless, I didn’t find 
anything wrong with his suggestion, so I let Kai supervise the barrier while the rest of 
us trained inside it.
When the barrier formed, it took on a reddish sheen that normally never appeared.
Thinking back, the training barrier Kai erected by using the artifact was a miniature 
version of the cage that was now surrounding the entire academy.
That’s when we were attacked. Kai had let them in; it was as simple as that. That sly 
bastard was the one who gave away all of our plans to the radical group while feeding 
us false information.
Kai had his hands full keeping the barrier up so that no one outside could hear the 
sounds of battle. We were outnumbered three to one yet, we were on the verge of 
winning. The radical group mages were strong, but my team members were stronger.
We would have broken free and warned the school… but he had to show up.
As soon as he stepped into the barrier, whatever advantage we had had disappeared.
I just couldn't believe he’d be a part of this. No, I’m lying. It was definitely possible for 
him to be a part of this. What I couldn't believe was that it was actually him.
He single-handedly turned the tides. He was a gifted mage before and if it wasn't for 
his twisted and conceited personality, I would’ve definitely wanted him to join the 
Disciplinary Committee. He was talented, but a lot of his breakthroughs came from the 
overuse of elixirs and other synthetic drugs that would result in dire consequences 
later. This was the rumor, anyways.
But he was on another level. The mana fluctuation around him was comparable to that 
of professors’—no, beyond them. It was odd though. The abundant mana particles 
surrounding him were erratic, chaotic almost; there was so much mana being forcibly 
generated that it overflowed. I wasn't sure if that was the cause, but even the color of 
his skin and hair took on a different tint.
The amount of mana was unnatural for someone barely hitting the age that most 
humans would begin to awaken. This reminded me of Arthur; he might even be 
stronger than him presently, however, I knew for certain that whatever led him to this 
state wasn't anything natural.
Needless to say, we weren't much of a match for him. Chantless casting, multi-casting, 
an endless well of mana—even if he was alone, I felt like he could've held up against 
all of us together.
‘How was it possible for him to have become this strong?’ was the persistent thought 
that kept running through my mind, poking at me.
“You call yourself a student of this academy? Out of all people, I would’ve assumed 
your pride wouldn’t allow you to be some dog of a crazy terrorist group, Lucas,” I spat 
out in disdain. “I now see that I was wrong.”
I could see that I had hit a nerve as his smug expression darkened, but before he got 
reckless like I had hoped, Kai intervened.
“Lucas, he wants this done quick and clean. Don’t forget the mission,” Kai said curtly, 
his face tensed in concentration from trying to keep the barrier up.
Kai had ignored our repeated hateful shouts prying for the reason of his betrayal, only 
opening his mouth to keep Lucas in check.
At this point, it would be impossible to get out by trying to beat him; our goal was to 
create an opening in the barrier.
While battling, we intentionally aimed our spells at the same spot without them 
noticing, but the barrier was a lot stronger than we had anticipated.
After defeating three of them, Feyrith was the first to get captured and pulled away by 
the other radical group members, but by then, we had managed to make a crack on 
the surface of the barrier.
We were able to make a gap in the barrier large enough for us to fit through, but not 
all of us were able to escape. Through gritted teeth, we had to leave behind Doradrea, 
along with Feyrith, who stalled the radical group long enough for us to escape.
It didn't feel like we escaped, no, it felt like we were let go. I could still clearly 
remember the smirk etched onto his face as he stood there, looking down on me like 
an insect he released because he didn't want to trouble himself with the mess.
By the time we made it out, it was already too late. Our battle had taken time, and 
during that time, the academy was already locked in a cage and under attack by both 
the radical group and mana beasts.
Director Cynthia had not returned and by the time we found some of the Student 
Council members, they were assaulted as well, although they seemed to be in a better 
shape than us. Clive seemed especially grateful that the Student Council President was 
still not back from her trip. The Student Council Secretary—Lilia, I believe—asked me 
worriedly if Arthur was okay, and was relieved to find out he wasn’t inside the 
academy.
It was demoralizing for us as some of the students we tried so hard to fight for simply 
gave in and sided with the enemies.
But I couldn’t blame them.
It was us that failed in our jobs to protect them
…
“Please, Curtis… please.” I continued begging, choking back a sob.
“Please, stop. You can’t.” I bit my lower lip.
“Please…”
Curtis’ thrashing settled, but I could still feel him trembling from rage. I removed my 
hand from his mouth and noticed that there was blood; it was Curtis’.
He was biting on his lip so hard, he bit into them.
“I’ll kill him…” I heard Curtis mutter, his voice shaking.
“Curtis, please… just wait. I can’t have you charging out like Theodore. We can’t lose 
you too.” I tried to keep a firm tone as I spoke, but I didn’t sound convincing even to 
myself.
“Wait? Are we supposed to just wait while we let him kill Theodore and Feyrith? Huh? 
Like how he killed Doradrea?” he spat out in a growl, his voice pitched low and quiet.
My chest contracted from the venom in Curtis’ words, but before I could say anything 
else, a sharp sound stopped me.
Curtis held onto his left cheek, stunned.
Kathlyn’s eyes were red and swollen, her long lashes still wet with tears. Her 
expression was a knot of grief and frustration. Her usual impassive expression was 
nowhere to be seen. Her hand was still held up in front of her from where she had just 
slapped her brother.
The strike wasn’t loud, nor was it that strong, but I could tell by Curtis’ expression that 
the light slap from his sister struck deeper and harder than any bludgeon could.
“Brother. We need to think of a way save them. We need to make a plan to protect 
everyone here. We need to stop that monster, but we can’t do any of that if you’re like 
this… or if you’re dead.” Kathlyn’s gaze was unrelenting, her every word piercing 
through not just Curtis, but through me as well.
She was right, we needed to get our act together. We needed to think of a plan.
I looked around the crowd in front of the bell tower and behind us, thinking of a way 
to escape to Director Cynthia’s room to see if there was anything that could help us in 
there, but robed figures stood guard, while the mana beasts were tensed up and ready 
to pounce onto anyone that tried to make a run for it.
It was then that they brought the captives out, and it was then, that I saw Feyrith being 
dragged out, beaten and unconscious.
As everyone stared silently while the row of robed figures, each holding onto their 
respective prisoner, silently trudged out, it took me a few seconds from this distance 
to realize that one of them… was the Student Council President.
ELIJAH KNIGHT’S POV:
The scene played out in slow motion for me.
I rubbed my eyes just to be sure, but no matter how many times I rubbed and blinked, 
her figure wouldn’t change. While disheveled and matted with dirt and blood, there 
was no mistaking that distinct gunmetal hair.
My mind raced as a part of me wrestled to figure out what had happened and how she 
appeared here while another part of me was still in denial; she wasn't supposed to be 
here. She was supposed to be with Arthur.
Whispers and mutters began to explode as soon as the students and faculty members 
alike realized that one of the prisoners was the Student Council President and the 
other a member of the Disciplinary Committee.
“Shhhhh.” Draneeve waved his hand theatrically for us to settle down before 
continuing. “I’m sure all of you are just dying to know what is going on, but before I 
explain, I’d like to introduce myself.”
He took a few steps forward and straightened his robe, combing his hair back with his 
fingers. “As I mentioned earlier, I go by Draneeve.”
He made a dramatic pause, as if expecting a round of applause. When nothing 
happened, he just shrugged and continued.
“I know that at this moment, you guys may see me as some sort of bad guy. I wouldn’t 
be surprised, what with the attacks and the deaths, but I assure you, I am on your side.”
That ridiculous statement caused an uproar, as jeers and shouts reverberated through 
the crowd…
“Silence.”
His voice couldn’t have been louder than a low growl, but the weight of that one word 
and the immediate pressure following it froze the crowd to a mute.
“As I was saying… My name is Draneeve and I have come to save you all.” Draneeve 
spread his arms in a grandiose manner, his robe fluttering from the wind making him 
look pretty impressive.
No one said a word, too afraid of what he might do; all of us simply waited for him to 
continue speaking.
“You see, I come from a faraway land. This faraway land is a cruel, cruel place for the 
weak. Yes, I am talking about all of you. Those gathered here are considered the ‘elite’, 
whose backgrounds and potentials make you the future of this continent, but from 
where I come from, you guys. Are. Simply. Trash.” Draneeve’s last words were spat out 
in a mocking staccato.
“That being said, I have made this extremely long and tiresome journey to prepare 
those I deem worthy so that when my lord becomes this continent’s new ruler, you 
guys will have a place in his kingdom and not be tossed aside like the trash you 
currently are.”
I glanced back to see everyone just looking around, confused. By the expressions on 
some of their faces, they looked to be in disbelief. Not just surprised, but they sincerely 
looked like they thought this whole thing was some big prank.
“To those who stand in front of me today, congratulations on being the ones chosen to 
be honored pawns of the new ruler of this continent. Lukiyah, step forth and show 
them a glimpse of the newfound powers you have been bestowed with.”
Lukiyah?
No… It couldn’t be…
The figure, concealed under his robe, that had been holding onto Tess by her hair 
stepped forth, dragging her with him. I bit my lip, struggling to keep calm. Underneath 
his hood, he seemed to be looking for someone before he stopped; I could feel his eyes 
on me. I stood transfixed as he removed the hood of his robe.
Confirming my suspicions, it turned out to be Lucas Wykes.
His eyes seemed to be laughing as he continued to stare at me.
Slowly, the edge of his lips curved up as he tugged Tessia up by her hair, just enough 
so her neck was next to his face.
His mocking gaze never left mine as Lucas ran his tongue slowly… gratingly up her 
neck to her ear, only to stop and wink at me.
Any sort of inhibition controlling my rage disappeared at that instant, leaving me with 
just enough sanity to curse out.
“LUCAS, YOU SON OF BITCH! HOW DARE YOU!” My vision reddened as my mind began 
to numb. Suddenly, as if some inner force pushed my consciousness out, my body felt 
like it wasn’t mine anymore… like I was an entirely different person simply spectating 
from a first-person point of view.
‘Kill.’ A voice echoed in my head.
I had never felt a sensation like this before, but I knew that whatever it was that’s 
controlling my body, knew how to use my powers better than I could myself.
‘Kill.’
It was a peculiar feeling that I knew wasn’t normal. It felt like the monster that I had 
been trying to keep locked up switched places with me.
My vision distorted and constantly pulsed from what I assumed to be adrenaline. I 
couldn’t hear anything besides the beating of my heart. My body seemed like a shell 
controlled like a puppet by someone that wasn’t me.
‘Kill.’ The voice was getting stronger.
What the hell was happening to me?
Black spikes ruptured from the earth around me, hurting some of the students who 
couldn't move out of the way fast enough.
I felt the need to at least apologize but my body was fixated on Lucas.
‘Kill, kill, kill!’ My mind felt like it was going to split open from the pain.
I walked rather unsteadily towards the ingrate that couldn’t be described with just 
profanity. As I approached the barrier, I worried whether or not my body would able 
to break through, but it turned out to be an unnecessary concern. Some sort of black 
plasma suddenly engulfed my hand and as my body laid it against the barrier, the black 
plasma slowly began to dissolve the barrier as easily as fire melted butter.
I could make out the surprised expression on Lucas’ face, but the expression on 
Draneeve’s face was far more unexpected. His expression paled, twisting and 
contorting in a way that I could only make out to be as fear. He held his hands out in a 
placating manner, as if trying to calm me down. At that moment, the dozens of mana 
beasts all sprung out to attack me, but it was futile. At the flick of my wrist, the black 
spikes shot from the ground, skewering the discolored mana beasts mid jump.
Was this me? I had never seen magic like this before. It was unnatural, almost evil in a 
way. Like it was a power meant solely for killing and destroying.
My body ignored the dead mana beasts and slowly drew nearer towards Lucas, who 
had now lost his bemused expression, replaced by furrowed brows and a tinge of 
unease in his eyes. The other robed figures decisively released their grip from their 
prisoners and was about to collectively rush towards me, but for some reason, 
Draneeve stopped them. I couldn't hear what he was saying, but Draneeve seemed to 
be almost pleading as his hands constantly gestured in hopes to calm me down.
Suddenly, a sharp pain that seared into me like a burning blade made my body go rigid.
I don't know how I knew this, but it felt like my body was reaching its limits.
No. Not yet. I knew I couldn’t control my body, but at this point, I at desperately wanted 
my body to at least to kill Lucas like it had planned to.
My body began staggering, as each step seemed to slowly become more unsteady.
Almost…
My body put up its hand and a black spike shot out towards Lucas. The spike that 
looked at least arm’s length couldn’t kill Lucas like I had hoped, but it's speed was fast 
enough to the point where Lucas couldn’t completely dodge the projectile.
Lucas tumbled back from the force of the blow and I could barely make out the black 
spike sticking out of his right shoulder.
Just one more…
My vision was dimming and my body stilled; I seemed to be losing consciousness. I 
looked once more at Draneeve, who looked more confused now, and before my 
consciousness completely faded into the darkness, I thought I saw him. I may have just 
been hallucinating, but I thought I saw my friend.
I thought I saw Arthur, but that may have just been my wishful thinking.
CLAIRE BLADEHEART’S POV:
Humility. Loyalty. Resoluteness. Courage.
These were the words instilled in me even before I understood what they meant.
These were the four qualities that were necessary in order to have a heart as sharp as 
a sword. This was the creed of the Bladeheart family.
Ignorant as I was as a child, I had truly believed that I would be able to follow this 
sacred doctrine my family was built upon… no matter what circumstances.
How truly ignorant I was.
This was the thought that clawed at my mind; making my heart ache as I stood 
helplessly, watching… simply watching.
Simply watching as Theodore was beaten and burned into an unrecognizable state.
Simply watching as Elijah fearlessly tried to defy, despite being unaided, a figure so 
powerful I could only submit and hope… hope that I’ll somehow make it out alive.
Even with my eyes fixed on the scene, I had trouble registering what exactly was 
occurring, much less believe it to be real.
What all of the student mages here could not hope to do; what all of the professors 
here failed to accomplish—Elijah, single-handedly, had achieved.
I had never deemed him as anything more than Arthur’s silly friend. He had given me 
the impression of being easy-going, almost ditzy at times, but not at this moment. 
After he had cursed aloud at Lucas, his demeanor shifted into someone 
unrecognizable.
As thoughtless and downright mad as he may have been, that ditzy friend displayed 
what I couldn’t.
As if Elijah’s enraged cry had released his soul, Elijah’s body seemed almost lifeless as 
his shoulder’s slumped and his head hunched forward. I couldn’t help but look away 
when suddenly a blast of black, metallic spikes shot out of the ground. I thought 
Arthur’s friend had already died, but I realized it wasn’t Draneeve or any of his 
henchmen that invoked the mysterious spell; it was Elijah that casted it.
The spell he had used then was unusual, almost unnatural, but it was when he placed 
his palm on the surface of the barrier; when a black flame magic began coiling around 
his hand, melting the transparent barrier like it was butter, that a cold chill ran down 
my spine.
Seeing that mysterious magic so easily destroy something not even the professors 
combined could scratch, I felt hope. Maybe he would be able to end this. It was also 
that, alongside this feeling of hope, I felt an almost tangible contempt for myself.
I looked down to realize my hand had unconsciously gripped the hilt of my sword. I 
couldn’t help but scoff at myself. What use was this sword of mine if fear rendered me 
unable to even take a step forward.
Looking back up, I fixed my eyes on Elijah. He swayed as he walked, almost staggering 
like he wasn’t really in control of himself. Anyone that tried and oppose him was 
almost instantly pierced by a black spike. The speed in which each spell was casted 
shouldn’t be possible; it couldn’t even be called a spell, but more of an automatic 
defense mechanism.
I had never heard of something like this before, much less see it with my own eyes—
magic that was so unnatural… sinister… evil.
What confused me, and probably everyone else present, was how Draneeve behaved 
towards Elijah. Elijah was killing his mana beasts left and right; he had already killed 
three of his robed underlings. He should be angry, downright furious at him for 
opposing his plans, but instead he looked… afraid.
I was only able to make out parts of what Draneeve was saying to Elijah as he frankly 
ignored the mastermind of this disaster, making his way towards Lucas.
I heard him several times repeating how he didn’t know…
I also thought I heard him refer to Elijah as ‘sir’…no that couldn’t be right.
After his useless attempts at calming Elijah down, Draneeve started barking out 
orders to his robed lackeys, telling them to not lay a hand on Elijah. It was a strange 
sight as our fellow student was trying to kill his allies but the leader was ordering his 
allies not to fight back.
The other students were baffled at all of this, not quite sure what to make of it; some 
were voicing their doubts on whether he was actually on our side, perhaps suspecting 
that Elijah was actually in league with Draneeve. This was until he collapsed on the 
ground, his final attempt at killing Lucas ultimately unsuccessful.
While at first, we were too shocked by Elijah’s sudden outrage and display of cryptic 
powers, some of the professors composed themselves enough to realize that the 
fracture in the barrier made by Elijah at least gave us a chance to fight back.
This thought had already crossed my mind. I knew that with all of the mana beasts 
either dead or badly injured and Draneeve partially occupied with Elijah’s body, now 
was the perfect chance to retaliate.
I knew this, yet my feet stayed nailed to the ground beneath me. I knew this, yet I was 
still afraid…
“Student’s, clear a way!” An arcane professor was leading a small group of professors 
toward the hole in the barrier. The students absentmindedly shuffled out of the way. 
While many were too discouraged, the image of Doradrea’s decollated head and 
Theodore’s lifeless body burnt in their minds, to want to join them in their crusade, 
some students still gathered the courage to try and join them.
Clive was one of them. I spotted him rushing towards the professors, his hands already 
wielding his bow and arrow but the professor in the back stopped him from going 
with them.
“Fools,” I whispered under my breath. It was still hopeless. Did the professors think 
that they could now somehow beat Draneeve? They should know better than us. Was 
it their sense of duty that was driving them to their deaths like this? Or was it their 
pride preventing them from being rational.
Was being courageous akin to dying a fool’s death? Is that what the Bladeheart creed 
wanted from me?
Kathlyn must’ve heard me. Her red eyes, still quivering, were looking at me, as if I had 
an answer.
But I didn’t. I knew my limits and I knew only a fraction of what my enemies were 
capable of and even that was enough to rob me of any confidence to unsheathe my 
sword.
Like an overused story my mother would always read to me before sending me to bed, 
the professors marched towards the fracture in the barrier like heroes on an 
expedition to save the princess from the evil magician;
I could see the arcane professor, whose class I took last semester, in the lead. Behind 
him was the spell formations professor who taught underclassmen. There was one 
professor that I couldn’t recognize following a few steps behind with a crooked 
wooden staff. Then joined Professor Glory. She caught my eye and gave me a firm, 
solemn nod before taking out a second sword from her dimension ring.
The look she gave me then sent chills down my spine. It was a look that I had never 
actually seen before, but one that my instincts knew of; it was a look of someone 
accepting her death.
The Bladeheart creed clawed its way up into my mind.
Humility. Loyalty. Resoluteness. Courage.
Damn it.
Thinking of this provided me with a mixture of emotions: frustration, for lacking the 
resolve and loyalty a Bladeheart should display for her academy; shame, for lacking 
the courage to fight alongside them; and ignorance, for foolishly believing that I had 
what it took to be a leader of the Disciplinary Committee… to be a Bladeheart.
I shook my head in hopes to clear my dark thoughts.
Living through this will give me another chance to redeem myself, would it not? I can’t 
be courageous, loyal, resolute and humble if I’m dead.
I turned my attention back to Draneeve, who had kneeled next to Elijah. It looked like 
he was checking for signs, making sure that Elijah was still alive, carefully, almost 
tenderly like a royal attendant would to his king. Our professors, prized mages 
throughout the entire content, were promptly ignored as he barked out further orders 
to his robed subordinates to prepare something.
Finally, getting up as he carried Elijah’s limp body in his arms, Draneeve began walking 
towards the back of the stone platform where several robed men were fumbling with 
what looked like an oddly shaped anvil.
“Lukiyah. Change of plans. You will take care of the ones ignorantly approaching and 
dispose of these—” he glanced down at the students captured, his eyes stopping at 
our Student Council President, “— trash.”
“I will be heading back first. I expect you to follow us through the gate, promptly after,” 
Draneeve continued, the pompous expression he once had nowhere to be seen.
“Why are you bringing that along with us?” Lucas started to say, but his voice ended 
in a gasp as his eyes bulged out. The arrogance on Lucas’ face left him in a second, as 
he crumpled to his knees, sweat dripping down his face.
“You are but a mere tool. You will do as I say, no questions asked, and if you continue 
to display this sort of ignorance again, there will be consequences.” Draneeve’s voice 
was commanding and sharp, different from how it was when he first revealed himself.
Lucas’ face struggled to remain firm as he was clawing where his heart was until 
Draneeve kicked him, toppling him over on his side.
“Say it!” He growled.
Even from here, I could see Lucas’ jaw clenched angrily, but he convulsed and repeated 
through gritted teeth, “I… am… but… a… mere… tool.”
“It is ready, my Lord.” One of the robed mages near the anvil announced.
“Hmph.” Draneeve proceeded, leaving Lucas heaving, trying to compose himself 
before getting up.
We all watched as this happened. Even the professors, brave enough to march towards 
a mage so powerful that he played with a Disciplinary Committee member like he was 
a ragdoll, were stunned as he crumpled a mage to his knees with just a thought.
Professor Glory was the one to catch on that something was amiss. She pointed 
towards Draneeve, who was heading towards the anvil that was now glowing, crying 
out, “We can’t let him leave!”
The four professors rushed through the hole in the barrier when a pillar of fire, as 
thick as one of the support beams in the academy hall’s main entrance, shot up in front 
of them.
Lucas was still recovering, his face still lined with pain as he looked at the four 
professors. The desperate expression on his face was now gone, though, as he walked 
confidently towards the professors, conjuring another pillar of flame using his other 
hand.
By this time, it was already too late. Draneeve and a group of his robed lackeys were 
now gone, taking Elijah with them, leaving behind a glowing anvil-shaped object.
“Lucas! How dare a student of this academy be involved in such acts of terrorism?” 
Professor Glory roared as she imbued mana into both of her swords. The rest of the 
professors also held up their weapons, the arcane professor already muttering a spell.
A manic grin spread on his face as he started cackling, sounding more like a rabid 
animal than a man. “How dare I? You think you guys are anywhere near the level I am 
now at? How dare you speak to me as if you are my equal! You are merely bugs that 
need to be squashed!” As he spoke, the mana around him began swirling even faster, 
veins appearing on Lucas’ thin, gray arms.
Thus the fight began. The glimmer of hope, that I had now that Draneeve disappeared, 
faded as I watched my professors get tossed around. The spells Lucas used wasn’t 
special, but the amount of mana he exhibited and the control he had over it was truly 
terrifying. Simple and obvious implications of multicasting only allowed for each spell 
that was used in congruence with another to be harder to control and weaker in 
power.
Even casting two spells at once consisted of essentially splitting your consciousness 
to mold and manipulate the mana differently. Since Professor Glory focused more of 
her skills in her swordsmanship with mana augmentation, she could barely initiate 
three spells while some of the more well-versed professors could cast four spells at 
once.
Yet, Lucas was easily casting six spells. He was surrounded by a flaming sphere that 
shielded him from any of the professor’s magic, as four offensive spells had already 
knocked out the spell formations professor. A two meter flaming knight was fighting 
on par with Professor Glory, keeping her, who stood as the vanguard, from protecting 
her teammates. It was cruel to watch as Lucas easily overwhelmed the combined 
efforts of four professors.
“What are we standing here for, we need to help them!” Curtis voice stirred me from 
my daze. His clear eyes, shaking with rage and impatience, peered deep into me.
He was right; it was my duty.
I was the leader of the Disciplinary Committee.
I shifted my gaze towards the bell tower. I saw Feyrith and Tessia along with the other 
students that were captured. I saw Theodore; he could still be alive. We could still save 
him if we acted now.
Lucas was occupied with the professors and only a few of the robed lackeys stayed 
behind. It was my duty. Yet, why couldn’t I still move? Was my body so deeply 
entangled in the vine of fear?
“Gah!” A pained cry made all of us turn our heads.
It was Professor Glory.
She was lying on the ground, grasping her side, as a puddle of blood slowly spread 
from underneath her.
I was reminded of how she looked at me before crossing the barrier. Her eyes told me 
she knew she could die, but it wasn’t a look of resignation, but one of determination.
She was definitely afraid, but she was doing what she could in hopes to give the other 
students here a chance to live.
“You’re right.” I tore through the shackles that had bound me to my spot and took a 
step forward. Unsheathing my sword, I locked eyes with Curtis as he got on Grawder, 
and he gave me a firm nod, his eyes showing the reflecting the same determination 
that Professor Glory had given me.
I looked for Clive and a few other students I knew who were capable enough to be of 
use before going through the barrier.
The robed lackeys that were keeping us from escaping had already gone in through 
the barrier to aid Lucas, so I was able to spot Clive helping some of the professors lead 
the students away from the area.
Curtis and I, along with a friend from Professor Glory’s class, stood as vanguard, with 
Kathlyn and Clive riding on Grawder.
“D-don’t!” I barely managed to hear Professor Glory croak, her eyes wide in fear, when 
we were attacked by the robed lackeys. They were somehow completely covered 
under their robes, with even their faces hidden by unnatural shadows. I had just 
blocked an earthen spike with my blade when another robed figure jumped up from 
behind me, knocking me down.
Rolling away, I lashed out my sword at the robed man, slicing him where his throat 
should be. I felt it too… the sensation of my blade on skin. Yet, the robed man neither 
stopped nor flinched, his gray hands reaching out for me, mana surrounding them.
Just then, Curtis’ bond tackled the robed man from the side, knocking him away. “Are 
you okay, Claire?” Kathlyn extended a hand to help me up after casting a spell to 
immobilize the enemy, when I heard shrill howl from over where the professors were 
fighting Lucas.
It was the arcane professor as he was being held up by his neck by the flame guardian 
Lucas conjured. His neck was steaming as the smell of burnt skin filled the air even all 
the way here.
As the arcane professor was struggling to free himself, his screams were eventually 
reduced to throaty gasps as he desperately kicked and thrashed wildly at the fiery 
knight summoned by Lucas.
I would never forget the look on his face as his body fell limp. I teared my eyes away 
as the professor’s body caught on fire, burning through his clothes and skin as he was 
cooked alive for everyone to see.
I had to push my desire to run away. Was my choice wrong? I knew that professor. I 
still remembered the time he showed me a picture he had taken with his three-yearold daughter. I told him it was a waste of money since getting a portrait would’ve been 
much cheaper, but he just grinned stupidly, cradling the picture like it was really his 
child.
What would happen to his family now?
I felt the dire urge to vomit but I was barely able to hold firm. Still, I was dazed enough 
to almost get hit squarely in the chest by a flame ball shot from another robed man.
Barely managing to parry the spell and kicking him away while landing, I used this 
chance to survey the situation.
It was chaos as the professors that weren’t fighting against Lucas were trying their 
best in leading the remaining students away from this area. Around me, I saw Curtis 
with Kathlyn riding on top of Grawder.
Over by the bell tower, I spotted Clive, who had just picked up Tessia from the ground, 
being knocked away by one of the injured mana beast. The other few students that I 
brought along with me from Professor Glory’s class were doing their best against the 
remaining five robed mages.
To my right were the remaining three professors, about a dozen meters away was 
Lucas, fighting with the three remaining professors. Among them, Professor Glory was 
badly injured, her bloody right hand pressed against where her right kidney should 
be with her free hand barely able to hold onto her sword.
Gritting my teeth, I ran towards where Clive was. I knew what Professor Glory would 
have wanted me to do. I had to save the students while they were keeping Lucas busy.
Gathering mana into my blade, I picked up speed, muttering a chant.
[Burning Lance]
Spearing the discolored grizzly wolf that had Clive pinned down, I helped him back up 
when a strong force lurched me off of the ground.
Clive’s sharp eyes widened and his lips mouthed my name, but strangely, I couldn’t 
hear a sound.
It wasn’t just him; I couldn’t hear any sounds.
And that’s when I saw a stone spike protrude out of my stomach.
Dropping my sword, I looked down and touched it. There was blood.
My blood.
Suddenly, sounds came back in a barrage, shouts and screams filling my ears.
My eyes glanced back and forth between my bloody hands and the spike coming out 
of my stomach. I wanted to turn my body around to see what had happened, but I
realized my feet were dangling in the air.
Looking down, I could see the giant spike that had skewered me up off of the ground.
I saw Curtis push aside the stunned Clive as he made his way towards me.
“Claire!” I saw Curtis shout, but this time, it just sounded muffled, almost as if I was 
listening to him from a different room.
Scenes moved slower as I saw Kathlyn jump off Grawder and dash towards me, both 
of her hands covering her mouth in shock.
Kathlyn’s voice was the same inaudible, muffled noise that only differed in pitch from 
Curtis’ voice.
I tried to say something, but all that I could manage was a wet gurgle.
I thought of my father. His firm gaze. His eyes that drooped slightly from age. He had 
been the one who told me the importance the Bladeheart name represented. Would 
he be proud if he saw me now?
Just as I felt everything fading, I heard it, a blood-curdling roar piercing through the 
heavens.
It was a deep, rumbling thunder that shook the ground and the spike that was lodged 
through me, with it. Even in the brink of death that I was in, I still somehow felt fear. It 
wasn’t the sort of fear that kept me from moving like earlier, but one that made my 
body want to instinctively bow in reverence.
In this state of near death, I thought for a moment that I had somehow hallucinated 
this sound, but then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw it.
The unmistakable figure of a winged beast that every adventurer—every person—
had once hoped to catch a glimpse of.
It was a dragon.
It was nothing remotely close to anything from the drawings my mother showed me 
in books to scare me as a child. No, this dragon made those look cute in comparison.
With two horns protruding from each side of its sharp head and iridescent eyes that 
could freeze even a veteran adventurer, it was a manifestation of both sovereignty and 
ferocity. While most of the books I have read as a child described a dragon’s scales to 
precious shiny jewels, this dragon’s scales were such a rich, opaque black that it 
seemed to make its shadow look gray in comparison.
But as impressive and awe-inspiring as the dragon, that looked to be the size of a small 
house, was, what made my heart truly tremble in fear was the boy below it.
It was the boy with the unmistakable auburn hair and familiar uniform; each step he 
took, he walked with the most subtle, faint, yet solid confidence I had ever seen.
And seeping from his very pores was a rage so blatantly uncontained that I could only 
fear for whoever it was directed to. The very air seemed to avoid his presence as the 
earth beneath him crumbled under his might.
All of a sudden, I couldn’t help but let out a choked laugh at how foolish I was for 
comparing him to Lucas. As my senses dimmed, my only thought was relief that I 
wouldn’t have to witness what he would do to those that crossed his path.
My only regret was not being able to see Lucas’ expression of defeat at the end.
LUCAS WYKES’ POV:
Staring down at the professors - the very mages that I strove to become - struggling to 
stand back up, it was clear to me that their lives were in my hands. With my newfound 
powers, these so-called “elites” were now nothing more than ants to me.
Enhanced cognitive processing capabilities for higher levels of spell casting.
A nearly unlimited pool of mana for me to access and utilize.
Heightened reflexes along with strengthened physical prowess and dexterity.
The elixir that Draneeve had given me really fulfilled its purpose. Just like he had 
promised, it truly brought forth my full potential.
It was obvious since early on that I was a gifted mage, however, being outshined by my 
older brother, Bairon, my accomplishments were never able to satisfy my family’s 
expectations. I had lived my childhood chasing after his insurmountable shadow, but 
no longer; I felt like I had finally surpassed him.
Easily wiping out the distinguished professors of this academy, it felt like I had actually 
transcended the realm of mortals, incomparable to even the highest of human, elven, 
and dwarven mages.
…so why am I feeling this way?
This feeling of an icy claw gripping my innards, slowly twisting, slow freezing my 
insides.
The palpable pressure in the air seemed to make the force of gravity in the vicinity 
stronger as he approached.
Beads of cold sweat began forming, drenching my clothes, as I had unknowingly taken 
a step back.
Was I afraid?
That’s impossible.
With my newfound powers, I was invincible. I was all-powerful. I was perfect.
“Welcome to the party, Arthur. You’re just in time,” I jeered, satisfied with the calm 
timbre of my voice.
He said nothing as he continued his way towards me at a suspensefully slow pace.
My gaze shifted from Arthur to the obsidian dragon behind him. I had read in a book 
that the dragon race had already gone extinct from being hunted down. I would 
normally be more taken aback, but at this point, compared to the terrifying intensity 
emanating from Arthur, his dragon looked no more threatening than a common lizard.
His steps never faltered, never swayed, as he approached the bell tower. I couldn’t
make out what sort of expression he had, his eyes were covered by his bangs.
The atmosphere was deathly silent, as even the senseless mana beasts that Draneeve 
controlled instinctively knew to prostrate in submission.
“Impressive pet. Did you think it could help you now? Look around you! All of this, it 
was done by me! The professors that were so highly regarded? I stepped on them like 
disease-ridden pests,” I chuckled, taking a few steps toward the boy I once regarded 
my equal.
The dragon behind him let out a deafening roar that made the surrounding audience 
wince in fear, but I didn’t.
No. As much as I hated to admit, it wasn’t the dragon that gave me this feeling of 
unease; it was Arthur.
Unaffected by my taunts, he wordlessly made his way towards me.
Some of the students had already defeated Draneeve’s minions, only a few mana 
beasts remained on my side. However, they were petrified in fear; whether that was 
due to Arthur or the Dragon, I will never know.
As he got closer, it dawned on me…
He wasn’t even looking at me. His gaze was never directed at me!
My feet stayed glued to the ground, stunned, as he simply strode past, ignoring me and 
everyone else here.
How dare he!
I could easily crush him right now; he should be pleading, begging for me to spare him 
and his friends.
But instead, he had the audacity to treat me like air?
My fists began trembling from how hard they were clenched.
Passing by everyone else he knew, disregarding his dying or dead peers and friends, 
Arthur kneeled down in front of the elf princess; his dragon craned its neck down 
towards her as well, and for that long breath of a moment, there was only silence.
Knowing exactly what to do, my lips curled up into a smirk. Let’s see him ignore me 
now.
“She was crying for you, you know,” I taunted.
No reaction.
“Oh sure, she stayed strong at first. It made it all the more satisfying seeing her break 
down,” I chuckled.
His shoulders twitched a bit.
His dragon looked back at me, its eyes piercing me with the ferocity that might’ve 
frightened me before.
“You see, I wanted to play with your little elf princess more, but Draneeve told me not 
to lay a hand on her. I was going to disagree at first but an idea struck me; what better 
way to break you than for you to lay helplessly on the ground as you watch me defile 
the girl you love so much?” My laugh echoed throughout the academy as everyone else 
watched, unable to even muster up the courage to utter a word.
The dragon let out a grunt and looked like it was about to charge at me when it 
abruptly stopped.
My face twitched in rage as Arthur continued to wordlessly cling onto his little elf 
lover. He still chose to ignore me?
“ARTHUR LEYWIN! YOU DARE IGNORE ME?” I roared. “You think you’re so much 
better than me? Let me see you go easy on me now! I’ll break every bone in your body 
so you could only cry helplessly as I desecrate Tessia right—”
My words got caught in my throat as the ground abruptly splintered and crumpled 
underneath Arthur like a sheet of paper, making me stumble.
I regained my balance and looked back up at Arthur, whose back was still facing me as 
he gently laid the elf princess down. All of a sudden, I was hit with the same sensation 
as earlier— the frigid, emotionless grip of a demon, twisting at my insides, wringing 
the air out of my lungs.
As if the wind had been knocked out of me, air escaped my throat as choppy and 
shallow gasps.
Unable to compose myself, I looked down at my hands to see that they were trembling.
I realized it wasn’t just my hands but my whole body shuddering uncontrollably from 
the very core.
What was happening to my body? Why was I reacting this way towards some boy my 
age? It should be impossible for him to be stronger than me, yet, what was this sense 
of—
He turned around.
I would never have thought that something so simple as eye contact could be so 
terrifying, when his pale blue eyes, sharp as a knife met mine, I felt all of the remaining 
air in my lungs get sucked out.
And suddenly, I realized what I had been feeling the entire time; the word to describe 
the emotions that I couldn’t grasp…
No! I refuse to admit this!
I ignored the inaudible scream of protest deep in my mind that was begging me to flee; 
to escape in the opposite direction from him.
“Oh, am I finally worthy of your attention?” I spat out mockingly, struggling to keep my 
body from trembling.
“Lucas.” Arthur was a peasant who had such a banal background that his existence 
would normally amount to less than a retired mule, while I was born into the Wykes 
family, which birthed the most talented of mages this continent had seen. Yet, his voice 
rang with such glaring authority that it made me almost kneel on impulse.
“I thought of you as nothing more than a mere wasp that I regarded unnecessary to 
kill,” Arthur continued with a chill edge to his voice as he once again began walking 
towards me.
“But even the holiest of saints will swat it down, without hesitation, if said wasp so 
much as dared to sting him.” His cold, emotionless eyes, empty and frozen, never broke 
contact with mine as a tangible bloodlust gripped at my limbs like shackles.
He was comparing me to a bug. No, he truly saw me as a bug. Yet, any words of rebuttal 
or protest refused to leave my mouth.
Why…?
It wasn’t supposed to be like this. My powers should now be greater than his. So why 
was this happening? How could a boy a year younger frighten me more than 
Draneeve? How many legions of men and beasts did he have to murder in order to 
possess such suffocating, oppressive killing intent?
Even the very earth seemed heedful of Arthur as the ground sunk down with each step 
he took.
My heart pounded harder and harder against my ribcage as if it wanted to break out 
and escape. My vision blurred as cold beads of sweat rolled down from my forehead 
into my eyes.
Tearing my gaze away from Arthur, I focused on Tessia. The dragon had curled up 
protectively around the elf princess, leaving me no opening to make use of her.
Silently, as Arthur advanced closer, I saw it. In his eyes was a raging tempest, so hungry 
to create mayhem, just barely contained.
I am Lucas Wykes, second-born of Otis Vayhur Wykes! Elite mages of Xyrus Academy 
have been brought to their knees by my overwhelming strength. Arthur was nothing 
but a lowly peasant, his only luck was being born with a decent talent for magic!
My mind snapped into a state of desperation and frenzy as I fought down the burning 
desire to run. Him, scare me? Never. I would rather die than plead for my life.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Tessia was okay…
Bruises and scrapes were visible on her smooth, pale skin. Thankfully they were only 
surface wounds.
She was okay.
It seemed like she was drugged with an anesthetic to keep her unconscious temporarily…
Yes, this was better. That way, she wouldn’t have to be awake for all of this…
She wouldn’t have to witness what I was about to do.
‘Sylvie, protect Tess. I’ll be enough to handle him,’ I reassured my bond.
This was my fault. I was a fool for letting Lucas live this long. This world had made me 
soft.
My head continued to pound as I walked towards Lucas.
Nothing else mattered. Not now. Not until I took care of the pest.
“S-Stay back!” Lucas stammered, a crazed look visible in his eyes.
He prepared a spell as he retreated. I wonder if he’d realized that his spells were in 
fact eating away at his lifeforce. It didn’t matter; I’d kill him before he did himself.
[Hell’s Rain]
He released his spell as dozens of flaming orbs scattered and floated around, growing 
increasingly larger.
He continued to grin madly as his body visibly withered at the burden of the spell. The 
red flaming spheres turned blue as he further refined his magic.
It seemed as though he was planning on taking not just me, but half the school down 
with him.
‘Papa… ’ Sylvie’s worried voice echoed in my mind.
‘It’s fine.’
I could let him kill himself with his own spell right now, but he didn’t deserve that; 
that would be too merciful a death for him. I needed him alive, at least until I got some 
answers.
I wanted to destroy him instantly, but the attack, the whole disaster, couldn’t have been 
done by Lucas alone. Someone had to have forcibly overexerted his mana core— to 
the point where even if I didn’t kill him now, he would probably die on his own.
Whatever it was he had taken made it possible for him to convert his lifeforce into 
mana, thus draining him of his vitality; by the odd discoloration of his skin and the 
mana beasts present was too much of a coincidence to not assume that it had 
something to do with the Vritras.
“By the look on your face, it seems you don’t know what’s about to happen. Do you 
think you could come out of this alive?” Lucas hissed, drooling from the side of his 
mouth.
“Die!” he spat, releasing his spell.
The dozens of flaming blue orbs, each capable of burning down a building, shot 
towards me like cannonballs.
I let out a crisp breath and muttered, “Second Phase.”
[Dragon’s Awakening]
My vision shifted into monochrome, the only colors I could register being the particles 
of mana.
[Absolute Zero]
The very air seemed to freeze as a curtain of white flame erupted around me before I 
was bombarded with Lucas’ spell.
I didn’t have much time left in my second phase before the recoil hit. I needed answers 
before that happened.
As the cloud of steam and debris began to clear, I could make out Lucas’ figure, the 
deranged look on his face wiped clean, replaced by one of utter shock.
“H-How is that p-possible? N-No, it wasn’t supposed to be like this. How are you 
suddenly able to use ice-attribute magic?” he babbled, as if he had just seen a ghost.
Relentless, Lucas began chanting another spell, which surprisingly, by the amount of 
mana gathered in his right hand, was more powerful than the one prior.
“CREATION FORM!”
[Infernal Lance]
It was a type of spell I’d never seen before. As mana congregated, it manifested into a 
flaming blue partisan spear. What amazed me was that the mana particles hadn’t 
simply formed the shape of a spear, but instead seemed to have transmuted into an 
actual burning spear.
“I hope you survive this one too. That way, you can watch as I make your precious 
princess a true woman!” he jeered, launching the flaming spear.
[Black Thunder]
I shot out a condensed bolt of electricity with my right hand, while catching the shaft 
of Lucas’ spear with my left.
My arm lurched back from the force as an audible hiss resounded from the cloud of 
steam that rose due to the mesh of fire and ice.
“Gahhh!” Lucas’ shrill howl pierced through my ears. “My arm! It hurts! My arm!” he 
screamed.
I continued walking towards Lucas who was still pawing at the empty space where his 
left arm used to be.
“White Fire!” I roared, and my left hand ignited in a pearl-colored flame.
I was less than a foot away from Lucas as he continued to back away from me. “Defile? 
Make into a woman?” I recited through gritted teeth.
“This… this isn’t fair! L-Lightning magic? You’re a q-quadra-elemental…” Lucas’ voice 
trailed off as he stared in disbelief, his lips trembling as he noticed my lightning-clad 
arm.
“Yes, I am.”
Lucas’ bloodcurdling scream tore through the air as I gripped his remaining arm. The 
flame surrounding my left hand began to spread, slowly freezing his arm down to the 
very molecules.
Tightening my grip, his arm shattered like glass as Lucas stared at the crumbling 
shards of what used to be his left arm.
“N-No… How dare you! I’m Lucas Wykes!” he spat out as fell weakly on his behind, his 
legs pushing away from me
Kicking him to his back, he gave me a venomous glare, any trace of sanity gone. Placing 
my foot on his right leg, I pinned him down.
He wasn’t a human anymore. Not at this point.
[Downforce]
“GAHHHHH!”
Lucas spat out a mouthful of blood, his leg crumpled into a mess of crimson. Shattered 
bone fragments dotted the pool of red as it seeped through the cracks in the ground 
made by the increased gravitational force of my augmented foot.
Another bone splitting crunch echoed through the surrounding atmosphere, before a 
shrill howl of pain promptly followed as I did the same to his other leg.
Just like how the Vritra had left Alea, limbless and slowly dying, inside the depths of a 
dungeon, it was only befitting to do the same to someone so vile.
Picking Lucas up by the scruff of his uniform, I slapped his face to get his attention.
“Who was responsible for all of this?” I asked.
As his glossy eyes met mine, his expression deformed into a scowl before he spat blood 
at my face.
“You think you’ll get any sort of answers from me? Puahaha! I’ll tell you this, though!
That incompetent fool you call your best friend, he’s gone! They took him away to who 
knows where! I’ll bet he’s dead already! Hahah—” I dropped him on the ground. “—
Ugh!”
I had been so worried about Tessia that it hadn’t registered in my mind— the fact that 
Elijah had been caught up in all of this as well. I lifted my gaze as I scanned my 
surroundings for the first time since I had arrived. I could see the numerous students 
and professors peering at me with the unmistakable expression of fear. Yet, out of all 
of those faces, Elijah really was nowhere to be seen.
“WHERE DID THEY TAKE ELIJAH!” I roared out, hoping someone—anyone—would 
answer.
“They went through there,” a hoarse voice spoke out— it was Clive. He pointed to an 
odd anvil-shaped contraption that had an abnormal amount of mana particles 
fluctuating in and around it.
“Who was it that took him?”
“A mage that called himself Draneeve,” Clive replied, picking himself up.
Was it a portal? Were my suspicions correct? Did the mastermind behind this really 
come from the Continent of Alacrya?
“It doesn’t matter. He’s probably dead, anyways. And so will be the rest of you, when 
he comes back!” Lucas snickered as blood continued to leak from his two crippled legs.
Looking at Lucas, a talented mage raised with the notion that his worth only amounted 
to his strength, who was glaring at me with neither guilt nor remorse for his actions 
and betrayal, I couldn’t help but pity him. Almost.
Lucas could’ve truly tortured and defiled Tessia if I had arrived too late. His earlier 
words still rang in my mind, haunting me with images of what could’ve happened if I 
hadn’t made it in time.
I placed my foot between his mangled legs at the only extremity left on his body 
besides his head; the only place he could have any sort of attachment to.
“W-What are you doing?” His voice was tinged with a trace of fear.
I looked him dead in the eye and responded with what only seemed appropriate, 
“Taking measures to ensure your filth won’t spread to the next generation.”
His eyes widened at the impending realization as the stubs of his arms flailed. He 
opened his mouth to say something but…
“May your suffering last onto your next life,” I recited indifferently.
[Downforce]
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The firm, mana-imbued stamp of my foot against Lucas’ pelvic region created a 
cacophony of snapping bones, squelching flesh, and splintering gravel, accompanied 
by a mind-numbing shrill screech.
At this point, Lucas, an accomplice that was responsible for so much havoc and death; 
the one that drove me to this point, was now nothing more than a dying body. His 
mouth was frothing, with only the whites of his eyes showing, as he continuously 
mumbled incoherently. I lifted my leg up from the blood-soaked pomace of the one 
that dared to harm those dear to me, and once again, I was glad that Tess was asleep 
for all of this.
The disaster that had befallen was over. The perpetrator that had killed three 
professors and was responsible for the death of so many more was now fatally 
wounded, slowly dying.
Yet, no one rejoiced. There was still fear in everyone’s eyes, except, where it was once 
directed towards Lucas, it was now directed towards me. In the midst of this silence 
was a palpable tension radiating from everyone present, student and staff.
It had been a long time since I received stares like these. I relished it then, priding 
myself in my domineering strength, but now, only a helpless sigh escaped my lips.
A searing pain spread throughout my body as I was forcibly reverted out of second 
phase. My hair shortened as my long, silvery-white hair changed back to its normal 
short, auburn shade. The runes that ran down my arms and back faded as my vision 
returned to normal, although strained.
The recoil hit me a lot less this time than when I went up against the Elderwood 
Guardian. Although I didn’t pass out, I hadn’t used my mana very efficiently. While 
trying to make a statement, I used gravity magic which strained me since, without the 
help of my beast will, I normally wouldn’t be able to use it.
Still, I was barely able to keep my body from toppling over as I lifted my hand to deliver 
the final blow, when a sudden piercing ring interrupted me, drawing my, and everyone 
else’s, attention.
The red-tinted barrier that surrounded the school shattered from above. The broken 
fragments of the barrier fluttered down, reflecting the vibrancy of the Aurora 
Constellation, that was almost in full bloom, in the night sky; the bloodstained 
academy instantly turned into a scene from a fairytale.
Descending amongst the shimmering rain of the broken barrier shards were three 
figures. Even before I could make out their identities, the terrifying pressure that they 
radiated told me exactly who they were.
The Lances.
“…ther,” a strained, gurgled gasp escaped from Lucas.
With my attention focused on the Lances, I didn’t realize he had gained enough 
awareness to speak.
Looking down, I noticed Lucas’ eyes fixed on where the Lances were; he spoke again, 
this time more distinctly.
“B-Brother…”
Before I could even react to what he had said, a sudden surge of light struck me in the 
chest, barreling me straight into the bell tower with such force that I broke through 
the mana-enforced wall, buried underneath the rubble.
Vomiting up blood, and what felt like my intestines, I tried pulling myself out, but it 
felt as if my entire body was glued against the wall. Confused and disoriented, I tried 
to make out, with my blur vision, the one who casted the spell.
It was one of the Lances. I wasn’t able to make out much more than his indistinct figure 
through my unfocused eyes, but before he was able to fire another shot, I caught sight 
of Sylvie unleashing a blast of fire at him.
‘Sylvie, no. You can’t fight them,’ I called out to her, my voice sounding weak even in 
my head, but it was too late. He blocked the blast like it was a toy ball before one of 
the other Lances trapped Sylvie in a dome of ice.
Even though every bone in my body felt like it was getting sawed in half and my head 
felt as if it had been punctured repeatedly, I was able to make a bit more sense of what 
was happening.
From her modestly curved figure and long white hair, the Lance that had trapped 
Sylvie in the cage of ice was female, and from the looks of it, Sylvie wasn’t able to break 
or melt it. Despite the position I was in, I couldn’t help but be relieved that she had 
been only caged. It sure as hell beat the other options that the Lance could’ve chosen.
Meanwhile, the Lance that had attacked me had kneeled down beside Lucas. He 
seemed to be fairly young—maybe in his late twenties—and looking closely at his face, 
from the high-bridged, straight nose up to his narrow eyes, there was a very distinct 
resemblance to Lucas.
The last, much older, Lance didn’t waste any time to gather and organize the remaining 
students and professors. He was already interviewing some of the students, nodding 
in response to them and turning his head to look at me.
Whether it was because of how disoriented I was, or of how worried I was for Sylvie, 
it took me until now to piece it all together: Lucas had called out ‘brother’ to the Lance 
that attacked me…
Before I could even curse at my own bad luck, the Lance I could only assume to be 
Lucas’ brother stormed towards me as his body released a torrent of yellow lightning.
“Death is not enough for the you. To do something so atrocious to a Wykes, to my 
brother…” He didn’t speak loudly, in fact, it almost sounded calm, yet his voice carried 
an alarming clarity that felt as if he had spoken directly into my ear. A storm of 
electricity trailed around him, dancing like restless cobras craving to be released as he 
made his way towards me.
I tried to move my body, but after a few desperate struggles, I realized I had been 
essentially crucified to the wall by what seemed like electromagnetism.
Despite the situation, I couldn’t help but praise the amount of control he had over 
lightning. For him, there was no need to concentrate on manipulating mana into 
lightning like I had to. Lightning simply bent and danced to his will like it was another 
limb on his body. Turning my gaze towards Sylvie, who was still desperately trying to 
escape from the ice cage, and back to the lightning-clad Lance, I finally realized just 
what white core mages were capable of.
“Bairon, you are not to lay a hand on him,” the older Lance ordered as he finished 
talking with one of the professors.
“Hah?” Bairon turned his head over his shoulder to look back. “That boy tormented 
and humiliated my brother before killing him, Olfred, and you’re saying that I am not 
to harm him? Do you wish to go against me as well?” The coils of lightning surrounding 
Bairon thickened, obliterating anything they touched.
“The boy was the one who saved everyone here from your brother. And since when 
did you grow enough hair on your balls to think that you could challenge me?” the man 
named Olfred spat back.
I used this chance to try and shift back into second phase, hoping I could gather 
enough strength to at least escape, but it was useless. My body wasn’t even able to 
gather mana at this point.
Turning my attention back to the two Lances, I could tell that Bairon was visibly 
confused. Still, whether it was because of his pride or his doubt, he chose to persist. 
“Do not test me, Olfred. I am in no mood to participate in your folly. My brother died 
in my arms; it is only just that I do what his killer did to him.” He whipped his head, 
glaring back at me with pure venom in his eyes.
Bairon began making his way towards me again when suddenly, two coal-black 
knights erected from the ground beside him, pinning him down.
“Olfred!” Bairon roared as he struggled in the grasps of the two knights that seemed 
unaffected by the lightning surrounding him.
Bairon suddenly unleashed a shockwave, knocking away the two stone knights before 
he charged towards Olfred, lightning manifested around his flattened hand, turning it 
into a crackling lance. Olfred had already turned his entire right arm into a gauntlet of 
hardened lava, but just as the two were about to exchange blows, the female Lance 
appeared between them.
“Enough.” Instantly, both Bairon and Olfred were trapped up to their necks in a coffin 
of ice. There was no gradual decrease in temperature of the air or water in the 
atmosphere to trigger the freezing process. The space around the two Lances simply 
froze, and despite the gauntlet of lava surrounding Olfred’s right arm, the ice didn’t 
even hiss or steam.
“Bairon, you are not the one who can make this decision. It is up to the Council to 
determine what to do with the boy… and the dragon,” she said, not a tinge of emotion 
in her voice, to the degree that Kathlyn suddenly seemed like the protagonist in a soap 
opera in comparison. Even as she stared at my giant obsidian dragon, there was no 
emotion; she regarded her as something akin to a lamp post.
Assuming that the two had cooled down, the female Lance dissipated the coffin of ice, 
when Bairon suddenly whipped around and shot a bullet of lightning directly at me, 
but was immediately blocked by an ice wall conjured with a swift motion of her hand.
Fluidly, the female lance swung her arm towards Bairon’s neck, during which a thin 
sword of ice manifested in her hand, drawing a crisp ark as she slashed at his neck; 
just deep enough to draw blood, while she kept her blade pressed against Bairon’s 
throat.
“Insubordination will not be tolerated,” she said tersely as ice slowly spread from the 
tip of her blade onto his neck.
By this time, I had already given up on escaping. If I had thought that me shifting into 
second phase gave me a chance at running away, I rescinded that statement as I 
watched the female Lance manhandle the other two with frightening speed.
Bairon eventually relented, not missing the chance to give me one more deathly glare.
I won’t lie, I might’ve winked back at him.
After less than an hour, the Lances had gathered enough information from the 
witnesses to piece together what exactly had happened. This granted me the privilege 
of being graciously unmagnetised by Bairon and, instead, having my legs and arms 
shackled together cuffs of ice. I found the chance, during that time, to tell her that the 
dragon was my bond, which, for the first time since seeing her, she had a change in 
expression: a slight raise in her left brow. She freed Sylvie from the cage as soon as she 
transformed back into her miniature fox form and was chained to my shackles as well.
After leaving me, guarded by one of Olfred’s summoned knights, Bairon and the female 
Lance worked to completely destroy the barrier, as the older Lance gathered all of the 
students and professors with the help of his other ten summoned knights.
I couldn’t help but admire the barrier that covered the school. It was very well-
devised, seeing as to how it allowed access, but restricted everyone from going back 
out; moreover, the Lances had to break the barrier first, which meant that it most likely 
had a restriction as to who was allowed to enter.
Tessia, as well as all of the other captives, were still unconscious during the whole 
ordeal. Eventually, after the two of them completely destroyed the barrier, a team of 
mages sent by the Adventurer’s Guild and Mage’s Guild hurriedly made their way to 
the scene, promptly healing all of those who needed immediate attention and taking 
away everyone who had been injured to a medical facility.
It was chaos; sobbing families of the students involved, people that looked like 
reporters furiously scribbling into their notebooks, and noisy bystanders all gathered 
around the front gate of the academy, hoping to get a better glimpse of what had 
happened.
Fortunately, the two guilds had taken precautionary measures to make sure that no 
one came too close to the academy at some point. There were gates erected all around 
the campus to keep anyone from trespassing, as uniformed guards were stationed 
every few meters or so.
Forced to stay behind until further instructions were given, I made sure to keep close 
to the female Lance so that Bairon had no way of launching another quick attack at 
me.
“ARTHUR!”
I whip my head to find the source of the familiar voice. After a few moments of looking 
around, I found my family waving at me from behind the gates. Even from this 
distance, the look of concern was visibly etched onto the faces of my parents as my 
father even tried to jump over the gate, only to get held down by one of the guards.
I could tell my sister had been crying as she was clutching onto the sleeve of my 
mother. Next to her was Vincent and Tabitha who, I assumed, were searching for their 
daughter.
“Am I allowed to talk to my family?” I asked the female Lance, my voice coming out a 
lot more feeble than I expected.
Bairon immediately replied, “After what you did to my brother, you think you have the 
right to make requests like—”
“Boy, I’ll take you to your family,” Olfred interrupted. I didn’t have the strength or the 
freedom in my limbs to properly walk, so Olfred’s summon had to carry me there.
Being held over the shoulder like a sack of rice wasn’t exactly the way I wanted to 
appear in front of the crowds of people present, but I was in no position to say 
otherwise.
The summoned knight let me down surprisingly gentle in front of my family. Olfred 
stood behind me, turning his back; whether he did that out of courtesy or out of 
caution that Bairon might shoot at us both from the back, I frankly didn’t need to know.
There was a tense moment of silence as they stared at me, unable find the right words.
Taking a look at my body, I cursed under my breath. I had dried blood crusted around 
my mouth and clothes from when I had vomited blood, and both of my feet were dyed 
in a crimson red. My clothes were in tatters and I was as pale as I felt; all in all, I looked 
like a homeless vampire that had just feasted on someone and then proceeded to 
dance in their pool of blood.
“Hi, Mom. Hi, Dad. Hi, Ellie.” I tried to smile, but that seemed to make them even more 
worried.
“Arthur, my baby, a-are you okay?” My mother stretched her arm through the fence 
and I gripped her hand
“Son, what happened in there?” my father asked, worry creased into his furrowed 
brows.
“I’m fine, Mom. I’ve seen better days, but I’ll be okay with a bit of rest. Even I don’t 
know everything myself, Dad.” I shook my head, tightening my grip on my mother’s 
hand to reassure her.
I turned my gaze to Ellie, who was still looking at me with an expression that still 
seemed to be deciding whether to be angry, sad, or relieved.
“Why are you cuffed?” my father spoke again, his eyes on the transparent shackles that 
bound my feet and hands to each other.
I didn’t know how to respond. I didn’t want to simply tell them I had killed someone 
and was probably going to be under investigation. My father might understand, but I 
didn’t want to have to say it in front of Mother and Ellie.
As I was looking for the words to properly explain, I noticed the female Lance 
approaching with an open scroll in her hands.
I stood back up awkwardly due to the shackles binding my feet to face the female 
Lance.
Without making eye contact, she began reading out of the scroll. “Arthur Leywin, son 
of Reynolds and Alice Leywin. The Council has decreed that, due to your recent actions 
of excessive violence and the inconclusive circumstances involved, your mana core 
will be restrained, your title as a mage will be stripped, and you will be incarcerated 
until further judgment.”
The crinkled sound as she rolled up the communication scroll echoed through my 
mind, clearly audible despite the massive crowd gathered around me. She finally 
looked up to meet my gaze. “…Effective immediately.”



ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Arthur Leywin, son of Reynolds and Alice Leywin. The Council has decreed that, due 
to your recent actions of excessive violence and the inconclusive circumstances 
involved, your mana core will be restrained, your title as a mage will be stripped, and 
you will be incarcerated until further judgment.”
“…Effective immediately.”
Followed by those words from the female lance’s mouth were three distinct reactions 
from the people around me. The first reaction was made by the curiously ignorant. 
They eyed me with looks of perplexion, studying my appearance as they tried to fit me 
with the edict that had been read aloud by the female lance:
Inconclusive circumstances.
Excessive violence.
I could feel their cautious skepticism as they silently tried to figure out how a boy, who 
was barely a teen, could cause the Council itself to issue the verdict instead of the city 
governor.
The second reaction was made by the ever-foolish faces of the all-accepting crowd. 
Those that blindly worshipped the Council as well as all forms of higher authority. 
They took the words written on the communication artifact as God’s truth and looked 
at me with eyes of condemnation. Their whispers could even be heard from where I 
was standing as their eyes narrowed into a disdainful glare,believing that I was 
somehow responsible for everything that had happened inside the academy.
The third reaction was one that I had thought I would only receive from my family. No. 
To my surprise, the students and faculty that were involved in the incident—those that 
had the strength to still speak—all cried out in protest. Because my family was the 
closest, I could hear them the most clearly.
“Incarcer… Your Honour, there must be some sort of mistake,” my mother voiced out 
from behind the fence.
“Yes, I’m sure that there is an explanation for all of this. My son would never… there 
must be an explanation for all of this,” my father amended, knowing perfectly well 
what I was capable of.
There were other outcries of protest: some from students I recognized as well as from 
those who were simply stating the truth; all of which were ignored by the female lance.
“This makes no sense! How dare you punish the one who actually did some good. If it 
wasn’t for Arthur, you lances wouldn’t have had anyone left to save!” I turned my head 
towards the source of the voice. To my surprise, it was Kathlyn Glayder. She was 
marching in my direction with unbridled fury in her eyes; an expression I had neither 
seen nor expected from her.
“I will see to it that my mother and father will rescind this decree at once—”
“Your father and mother were the ones, along with King and Queen Greysunders, that 
had voted in favor of this judgment,” the female lance promptly interrupted. While her 
words were respectful, her expression and tone could only be depicted as indifferent 
and rude.
Before Kathlyn could get any closer, her brother held her back. I couldn’t hear what he 
had told her but the princess finally relented, her face still red and body shaking.
I knew that no matter how much I try to reason with the female lance, she wouldn’t 
listen. Letting me go wasn’t her decision to make.
“Can I speak to my family one last time before you take me?” I asked, my voice coming 
out more sullen than I had wished.
After receiving a terse nod from the female lance, I walk back to where my parents 
were leaning against the fence. For a few seconds, we just stared at each other, not 
knowing how to begin.
“Don’t look so sad, guys. Things will be better after this misunderstanding gets cleared 
up.” I let out a wide grin, hoping to mask my uncertainty. I had allies within the Council, 
but there were too many unknown factors at work here. I wasn’t so worried for myself 
as I was for Sylvie. To have a dragon alive in our continent wasn’t a matter that could 
be waved off.
My facade must’ve faltered when I was focusing on my thoughts; my parents’ 
expressions changed as both of them gazed at me, wide-eyed and afraid.
“Y-you… you honestly have no idea if you’ll be able to come back to us, do you?” I 
couldn’t meet my mother’s eyes as she stuttered, her voice dripping with worry; I, 
instead, focused on her hand, her fingers were deathly pale and her nails red from how 
hard she was clenching onto the iron fence.
“Brother… you’re not going to anywhere, right? This is all a joke, right? Right?” Ellie’s 
face was a pale shade of crimson and I could tell she was doing her best to keep from 
breaking into sobs.
I leaned forward so I could be at eye-level with my sister. As I studied her childish face, 
I could hardly believe that she was already ten. One of my biggest regrets was not 
being able to be by her side as she grew up. I had met my sister for the first time when 
she was four, and even after that, I was only with her for weeks at a time. While looking 
at her, I could only hope that the next time I see her wouldn’t be when she was a teen… 
or an adult.
I got back up, prying my gaze from Ellie whose face had been so tensed up that her 
lips were almost white. “I’ll definitely return home.” I turned back around just in time 
for my eyes to water without their notice.
The lance named Olfred conjured a stone knight beneath me, lifting me up as the 
female lance separated me from Sylvie, carrying her in an orb of conjured ice. 
Approaching us was Lance Bairon carrying the wrapped corpse of his deceased 
younger brother as his gaze continued to pierce through me with pure venom.
Like that, we departed. Bairon informed the others that he would be making a detour 
to his family’s house to deliver Lucas’ body for a proper funeral.
I wasn’t sure if becoming a white core mage came with the ability to fly, but all three 
of the lances were capable of flying without the need to invoke any spells, including 
the conjured knight that was carrying me.
My eyes stayed fixed on Xyrus Academy as it grew increasingly smaller the farther we 
flew. The place itself didn’t mean much to me, but my time at the school inside the 
floating City of Xyrus had been one as an ordinary student mage. I was considered 
gifted then, but I was still just a student. As the distance between me and the academy 
increased, I had the notion that I was leaving my life as an ordinary student behind.
We travelled wordlessly through the sky as all attempts to start a conversation had 
been shot down. As gentle as they were in how they treated me, to them, I was still a 
prisoner waiting to be judged.
‘Papa, what’s going to happen to us?’ Sylvie voiced in my head.
‘I’m… not sure, Sylv. Don’t worry, though. We’ll be okay,’ I reassured. Even without her 
replying back, I could sense the emotions she was feeling: uncertainty, fear, confusion.
It was impossible to tell exactly how far we had travelled South, as all I could see below 
us was the Grand Mountains that divided the Continent of Dicathen in half.
“We should stop here for the night.” The female lance descended into the mountains 
as Lance Olfred and the stone knight carrying me followed shortly after.
We landed in a small clearing on the edge of the Grand Mountains facing the Beast 
Glades. I was still chained together so I sat leaning against a tree, watching Olfred erect 
a campsite out of the earth.
“Hold still, Arthur Leywin.” Without waiting for me to respond, the female lance 
clamped an artifact over my sternum. Instantly, I felt mana drain out of my core as the 
device sunk deeper into my skin.
“Ugh. My magic won’t help me escape from you guys, so why the sudden precaution?” 
I asked through gritted teeth. The sensation of your mana being forcibly contained 
wasn’t a pleasant feeling.
“There are other ways you can make trouble,” she replied tersely before taking the 
sleeping Sylvie and retreated into one of the stone huts that Olfred had conjured.
“How could I even…” I muttered under my breath, annoyed.
“It’s because we’re so close to the Beast Glades.” I turned my head towards Olfred, who 
took a seat on the ground next to me as he let out a sigh.
“You guys are the Lances, though. Are you saying that there are mana beasts that even 
you guys aren’t capable of beating?” I asked, a little taken aback by his approach.
“I haven’t met one so far, but the Beast Glades hold many mysteries that even the 
Lances have to be wary of, especially at night, when the more powerful beasts roam. 
Despite our powers, boy, we’re still mortals; death never looms far from us. With all of 
the strange events coming happening these days, one can never be too careful.” There 
was a brief silence that was only accompanied by the low howling winds.
“What am I doing, telling all of this to a little kid,” he sighed.
I just shook my head. “Probably because you’ve been stuck with miserable company 
for the past few days.”
I was surprised when the old lance erupted into a fit of laughter. “You’re right about 
that, boy. Let me tell you, spending time with Varay and Barion together is more stressinducing than any SS-class mana beast I’ve ever fought.”
Varay. So that was the female lance’s name.
“Let me ask you this, boy. I’m curious as to how you became such a capable mage at 
your young age.”
“How do you know I’m capable? You’ve never seen me fight,” I challenged.
“I’ve heard Bairon tell me about his younger brother, the one you killed. I’d also 
gathered stories from the students while helping some of them just now too,” he 
answered, a curious look depicted on his aged face as he studied me.
We spent a bit more time talking to each other, but, while Olfred seemed amiable, he 
was also very guarded. I wasn’t able to pry out any sort of information from him except 
those that I could find out on my own. He conversed professionally without revealing 
anything crucial, as did I. In spite of our little dance of social intricacy in the form of 
polite conversation, there was a subtle tension between us as he weaved my questions 
into jokes. We tiptoed around each other with our light words as we tried to, at least, 
procure hints to satisfy our curiosity. After an hour of fruitless effort on both sides, 
Olfred suggested I get some sleep.
As expected of the Lances; while Olfred wasn’t as outright distant as the others, he 
was, in a way, more mysterious.
Olfred hadn’t been so kind as to make me a stone hut as he did for himself and Varay. 
Without a shelter and the protection of mana, the sharp winds sent chills throughout 
my body, making myself as small as possible as I lay curled against the tree.
I must’ve fallen asleep at some point because I was rudely awakened as a stone knight 
picked me up like a sack of rice.
“Hi, best friend,” I patted the conjured golem indifferently as I was whisked away back 
into the air.
‘Sylv, how are you holding up?’ I asked my bond.
‘I’m okay, Papa. It feels a little stuffy in here though, but it’s comfortable,’ Sylv replied.
Her emotions were linked with mine so I was careful in making sure not to leak any of 
the worry that I was feeling to her by accident. I wasn’t so much worried about what 
the Council would do to me; it was my Asura bond that I was worried about.
As we flew over the Beast Glades, I realized just how big our continent was. The 
diverse terrain of the mana beasts never ended. We passed through deserts, 
grasslands, snow-capped mountains and rocky canyons. It wasn’t once or twice that I 
spotted a mana beast large enough to be seen clearly from where we were flying.
Olfred and Varay constantly released a surge of killing intent, warding off all of the 
mana beasts within our vicinity. Still, there were more than a few times where we took 
a detour while the two lances withdrew their auras.
I couldn’t help but think that Varay had put the mana restriction artifact on me so that 
I don’t purposely attract the attention of dangerous and territorial mana beasts. I had 
to commend her, as that was something I would probably do to get away. I was curious, 
though, whether I had the ability to survive this deep in the Beast Glades or not.
My internal debate didn’t last long as Varay suddenly stopped. She took out the 
communication scroll that she had used to read the Council’s sentencing before 
carefully looking around.
“We are here,” she said.
I looked around in the sky but it was blatantly obvious that the only thing around us 
were the birds dumb enough to venture close to flying humans.
Just as I was about to speak my mind, Varay held up her hand as if she was searching 
for something in the air. With a soft click, the sky split apart to reveal a metal staircase.
Olfred let out a smirk upon seeing my gaping mouth.
“Welcome to the Council’s floating castle.”
My eyes stayed fixed on the iron staircase aged with dents and rust, until the roar of 
mana beasts below shook me from my daze.
“Looks like some of the more keen mana beasts have sensed the castle. We should 
hurry if we don’t want any unnecessary trouble,” Olfred voiced out to no one in 
particular.
Peering down from the sky, we could faintly make out the subtle movements of a few 
huge mana beasts that were shrouded in the dense cluster of trees.
“Mm,” replied Varay, neither agreeing nor disagreeing but simply accepting his point.
The stone knight, that had me slung over its shoulder, gently lowered me onto the base 
of the flight of stairs before crumbling into sand and reconstructing itself into a cape 
as it fastened itself around Olfred’s shoulder.
“We dwarves always carry a bit of dirt with us wherever we go,” Olfred winked at me 
upon noticing my surprised expression.
The door closed behind us, and while I thought we would be surrounded by darkness, 
a moss-like substance covering the walls began glowing with a soft, blue light.
Varay dissipated the ice cuffs that shackled my legs together so I could walk on my 
own and took the lead while Olfred followed closely behind us. We must’ve trudged 
on for at least an hour up the seemingly endless flight of stairs when I voiced out my 
frustration.
“Is there no faster way to go up than climbing this absurd amount of stairs?” I sighed. 
My body might be stronger than most humans even without my mana core due to the 
assimilation process I had gone through, but I was still growing impatient at the 
wasted time.
“Magic cannot be used at all of the entrances,” Varay answered immediately, a hint of 
impatience in her already cold voice.
I let out another deep breath and trudged along silently. Stealing a glance at my bond, 
as expected, Sylvie was sleeping a lot more than usual due to her recent 
transformation to her draconic form. Windsom had explained to me about the 
different forms that Asuras could utilize depending on the situation, but I never knew 
how much of a toll it took on Sylvie to release her draconic form. It couldn’t be helped, 
however, since Sylvie was basically a newborn in the eyes of deities who could live for 
what I can only imagine to be thousands of years, if not more.
Lost in my thoughts, I hadn’t realized that Varay had stopped.
“Oof,” I let out a surprised grunt as I bumped into her. The female lance was just a tad 
taller than me but I was a step below her so my face had only hit her back. However, 
my arms were cuffed in front of me and they had hit someplace a bit more… intimate.
I hadn’t thought much of it, but to my surprise, Varay reacted in a way I would not have 
expected. She let out a rather effeminate little squeal as she jumped forward. 
Whipping around to face me, I could see her face flash in embarrassment and surprise 
before immediately contorting into a fearsome glare that could drench someone in 
cold sweat.
Collecting herself, she turned back around and placed her hand at the end of the 
stairwell before muttering softly, “We are here.”
Gazing behind me, Olfred just gave an amused smirk before shrugging his shoulders 
and nudging me forward.
A glaring light seeped through the crevice of the wall that had split apart. As my eyes 
adjusted, I could finally make out what was ahead. A brightly lit corridor with an 
arched ceiling stretched from where we were, walls covered with mysterious designs 
carved onto every visible facet and corner. The engraved runes made the corridor 
seem more like a memorial etched with names of the deceased than a luxurious 
decoration; each engraving and design seemed to hold a purpose and meaning. There 
were simple chandeliers hung from the ceiling every few meters apart, but while the 
hall was brightly lit, The white light gave off a cold, emotionless feel, reminding me of 
the hospitals back in my old world.
“Now that we’re inside the actual castle itself, it is best not to converse with us or any 
of the lances,” he whispered with an unusual chill to his voice as we entered through 
the rather crudely-made door
We walked in silence, with only the echoes of our footsteps filling the hall. On either 
side were doors that didn’t match the metallic corridor; there were doors of different 
colors and material, all quite distinct from one another. The corridor didn’t seem to 
have an end, but luckily, Varay stopped us at a seemingly random door to our left along 
the way. She knocked on the door without pause until it swung inward, revealing an 
armored bear of a man.
I took a closer look at him.
“My Lords,” the guard immediately knelt down with his head bowed.
“Rise,” Varay replied cooly. The guard stood back up, but did not make eye contact with 
either of the two lances. Instead, his gaze was fixed on me as he regarded me both 
curiously and cautiously.
“Tell the Council of our arrival.” Olfred waved the guard away impatiently. The 
armored man took another quick bow and disappeared behind a hidden black door 
that looked to be a part of the wall.
After a few minutes, the guard came back out and fully opened the door for us, 
allowing us in. “Lance Zero and Lance Balrog have been given permission to meet the 
Council, along with the prisoner named Arthur Leywin.”
I looked at Olfred, raising a brow. As he walked past me, he muttered, “Bah. Code 
names,” as if embarrassed.
I couldn’t help but let out a wry smile before trailing behind the two lances. Whatever 
awaited ahead would most likely determine my future, but all I could think of was 
what the code names for all the other lances were.
As I passed the guard and stepped through the hidden door, I could immediately sense 
the change in the atmosphere. We were in a large circular room with a high-rise ceiling 
that seemed to be made entirely of glass. The room was simply decorated, with only a 
long, rectangular table at the very back. Six chairs, each seated with one of the 
members of the Council, were facing the three of us as they looked at me, every one of 
them with different expressions.
““Your Majesties.”” Olfred and Varay both bowed towards the Council as the kings and 
queens rose from their seats. Not knowing what exactly the custom dictated in
situations like this, I followed after the two lances and bowed as well.
“Ignorant! Do you think of yourself on the same level as the Lances? You should take a 
knee at the very least as a sign of respect,” a husky voice boomed. I looked up to see 
that it was the dwarf king, Dawsid Greysunders.
He sported a bushy brown beard that spilled from his chin and covered is upper torso. 
He had a barrel of a chest covered by an endorned leather armor that seemed like it 
was restraining his muscles rather than protecting them. However, looking at his soft, 
uncalloused hand twiddling the gold wine flute, I had second thoughts as to whether 
those muscles were ever put to use, or if they was simply just for show.
I had a hard time controlling my face as it contorted into a look of annoyance, but 
before I could rebut back, I caught sight of Alduin Eralith, Tessia’s father and the elf 
king. He gave me a quick shake of the head, with a worried expression on his face.
Clenching my jaw, I relented. “My apologizes, Your Majesties. I am but a boy from the 
countryside, uneducated in the ways of proper manners,” I said through gritted teeth, 
taking a knee.
“Hmph.” He plopped back down on his seat, crossing his arms. Even as he sunk back 
into his chair, it was impossible to ignore the sturdy frame that the dwarf king had. 
The veins on his arms stretched with every little movement. Paired with a great 
bristling beard and dark, heavy eyes, Even as a dwarf, he looked much larger than he 
really was.
“Now, now. I’m sure the journey had been long and everyone’s eager to get started. 
Varay, uncuff Arthur.” Curtis’ father, Blaine Glayder was the one that had just spoken. 
The female lance dissipated the frozen cuffs that bound my wrists but let the 
slumbering Sylvie inside the frozen orb, as I surveyed the rulers of this continent. It 
had been years since I last saw Blaine and Priscilla Glayder, but besides the few extra 
wrinkles, little had changed about them. I noticed that the queen did look a bit 
fatigued, but her expression did not give that away at all.
It was the first time seeing the dwarf queen but she was just as I had expected—manly. 
She had a defined, square jaw with sharp eyes and dark hair pulled straight back into 
a ponytail. Her broad shoulders strained the fabric of her simple, brown blouse as she 
stayed seated upright on her chair.
Alduin and Merial Eralith, however, seemed to have aged the most. While it had merely 
been days since I had last seen them, I wasn’t surprised, since their only daughter had 
been the center of Draneeve’s act of terrorism.
The two lances that had escorted me here took a few steps back from me as I looked 
up at the Council.
Alduin Eralith spoke up with in a gentle tone, his expression coming off as almost 
guilty for bringing me here. “Arthur Leywin. Before we begin, I would like to thank you, 
not as a leader but as a father for saving my daughter—”
“And need I remind you that we are here as leaders of this damned continent, not 
fathers?” Dawsid interjected, pounding his fists on the table. “This boy mutilated one 
of his fellow schoolmates before killing him. Shall I read the description one of the 
scouts so kindly sent to us?”
Priscilla shook her head, trying to quell the situation.
“Dawsid, I hardly think it’s necessary—”
“Both legs, crushed into mush past the mid-thigh. Left arm, dismember and cauterized 
past the elbow. Right arm, frozen and crushed. Genitals…” As the dwarf king continued 
to read off of the scroll, even he seemed to have a hard time saying what was coming 
up next. “Genitals, along with the pelvic bone, crushed and—”
“I think that’s enough, Dawsid,” Alduin warned.
“It seems I’ve made my point. Yes, it’s all convenient and everything that this boy 
happened to save the entire school, but it did not justify the torment he put his 
schoolmate through. To me, I can only see this as him using this whole fiasco as an 
excuse to get revenge on someone who he’s clearly had enmity with since the past,” 
Dawsid said coldly.
“You can’t be saying that this boy’s main motive for delving blindly into such a 
dangerous scene was just to seek revenge. And even if he did, what of it. You can’t 
prove to anyone here what Arthur’s motives were. He did what we couldn’t do in times 
of need and that was potentially save every student inside Xyrus,” Alduin barked back, 
his face turning more and more red.
“Yes, and that is why I’m not suggesting we kill the boy. We just need to merely cripple 
him as a mage.” It was the dwarf queen that spoke this time. The cold indifference in 
her voice seemed to even make her husband falter for a moment.
“What my wife, Glaudera said, is exactly my thoughts as well. This boy is too dangerous 
if left alone. Imagine if he and his pet dragon decides to make enemies out of us…”
My ears perked up at the mention of Sylvie.
“My God, do you hear yourself? You sound like a paranoid criminal. Blaine, Priscilla, 
what do you have to add to all of this?” Tessia’s mother, asked, shaking her head, 
disconcerted.
“Merial, my husband and I both agree with you on this, speaking as a parent,” Priscilla 
said evenly, her distant gaze switching back and forth from Sylvie and I. “But, it is best 
to consider the Greysunders’ view as well. What they say, they say with the entirety of 
the continent at stake.”
“So what, we cripple the boy and kill the dragon, all for the off chance that the boy 
might harbor ill feelings toward us and decide to get revenge?” Alduin nearly yelled as 
he stood up, facing the other leaders.
“Alduin, know your place! Don’t think you are on the same level as us just because you 
sit here. May I remind you of your inability to even take care of your own lances?” 
Dawsid growled menacingly as he pointed accusingly at the elf king, “This continent 
is potentially at the brink of war and you were careless enough to lose one of our 
biggest trump cards!”
“Your Majesties. Was I brought here to simply hear my judgment or am I allowed to—
”
“You will not speak until you are instructed to!” Dawsid roared, cutting me off. “I refuse 
to any claims this boy is trying to make. He could say that the God of Iron himself spoke 
to him and ordered him to do all of this but it does not change what he had done and 
what he will be able to do if left alone. The scouts are still in the middle of gathering 
accounts from the witnesses.”
“I see no point in me being here if I am not even allowed to speak and give my account 
on what happened and why it happened the way it did,” I did my best to control the 
volume and tone of my voice, but I could tell it was coming out a lot sharper than I had 
wanted it to.
“You’re right! There is no need for this prisoner to be here. Olfred, lock him up in one 
of the lower cells and keep him there until further orders. Also, lock his pet in a vault.” 
Glaudera Greysunders responded for her husband, waving her hand toward us.
“Dawsid, Glaudera, the Council is not for you to run and order as you see fit. Aya!” 
Alduin growled. Behind him, a figure masked in the shadows kneeled, awaiting a 
command.
“Stand down, elf! Remember that you only have one lance at your disposal.” There was 
heavy tension as the elf king and dwarf king locked eyes.
Alduin was the one to concede as he reluctantly sat back in his chair. For a brief 
moment as I was picked up by Olfred’s stone knight, our gazes met. I could see the 
unrelenting determination in his gaze as he gave me a firm nod. I bit my tongue and 
chose to stay silent.
It was obvious that the dwarf king and queen were all for crippling me, while the 
Glayder’s remained neutral since much is still unknown. I was going to have to rely on 
Alduin and Merial if Sylvie and I were going to get home unscathed.
As the stone knight carried me through a different door and down a flight of stairs, I 
tried to talk to Olfred with little results.
Taking a look around, it seemed like your typical castle dungeon where prisoners of 
war and traitors were held. I was in just one of the many cells, but much of the area 
was covered by shadows that the light of the few burning torches couldn’t reach.
“This will be your cell, Arthur. Your bond will be placed elsewhere.” The summoned 
knight carrying me suddenly crumbled into dust upon reaching my dungeon chamber. 
I landed rather unimpressively on my knees and elbows as Olfred shut the metal cage.
“Ouch, he could’ve warned me,” I muttered aloud, brushing the dust off of my knees.
“That voice. A-Arthur? Arthur Leywin?”
My head bolted up at the sound of the feeble, yet familiar sound.
“Director Goodsky?”
“Director Goodsky?” I sputtered incredulously.
“Y-yes. Although, ‘director’ doesn’t seem to be appropriate anymore seeing as how I 
was stripped of that title. Who would’ve imagined I’d meet you in here, Arthur,” she 
replied weakly, and by the audible pant in her speech, it seemed as if she had suffered 
considerably.
“Stripped of your title? I don’t understand. What is going on here? Why are you here, 
Director?” I leaned against the metal bars of my cage in hopes to hear her more clearly. 
From the source of her voice, I deduced that her cell was diagonally opposite my own, 
but because of the way the torchlights were set up, most of the cells were still in 
darkness.
“We will get to that later. Arthur, how did you end up being locked up? With your 
ability, I assumed you would be able to fend well enough for yourself or at least escape 
if necessary.” There was a hint of despair in Cynthia’s voice as she asked me.
“Tessia was held captive by Lucas and I had to use most of my mana to fight him. When 
two of the lances appeared, I didn’t have enough strength to escape,” I sighed.
“I… I apologize, I don’t quite follow. The half-elf boy, Lucas?”
It was obvious that Director Goodsky wasn’t aware at all of the recent happenings at 
her own academy, which I found unsurprising since she would’ve surely been there to 
help if she had known. I filled her in as detailed as I could in the quiet of the dungeon, 
only being able to assume that her silence was indication that she was fervently 
listening.
It was hard to tell whether the other cells had prisoners inside as well, but the 
information I was revealing wasn’t exactly confidential so I caught Goodsky up until 
the events of what had just happened with the Council.
“Can you describe for me how exactly the boy, Lucas, seemed to you when you fought 
against him?” Goodsky asked.
“Apart from the massive increase in his mana manipulation capabilities, I noticed that 
his physical appearance was different as well. Let’s see, he had this sickly, gray skin 
tone as well as dark lines, which I assumed to be his veins, running down his face, neck 
and arms. His hair color had changed too; it wasn’t blond like I remembered it to be, 
but it was more of a dusty black and white color. The Wykes family had always been 
known to have a keen fondness of elixirs, no matter what the side effects may have 
been—”
“No elixir on this continent has the capabilities to enhance the user’s mana core that 
drastically Arthur. And, you weren’t able to catch a glimpse of what the leader of this 
whole disaster looked like?” Director Goodsky interrupted, her voice edged with 
frustration.
“Unfortunately, I didn’t arrive in time to see him. Why?”
“I just wanted to confirm some things, but I think I already have a basic understanding 
of the whole situation. I knew it was bound to happen, but not this soon. They’re 
moving forward with the plan much too quickly.” I could hear the director’s footsteps 
echoing as she paced insider her cell.
“What do you mean you knew it was bound to happen? Who are ‘they’? Director 
Goodsky, I’m beginning to have a nagging suspicion that I truly hope I could denounce 
as simply my lack of judgement…”
There was a brief pause from both of us where only the flickering snaps of the torches’ 
flames broke the still silence of the dungeon.
“I cannot say, Arthur. I am bound by forces beyond anything either one of us can hope 
to go against. I am truly sorry.”
“A binding? Huh, I see. How convenient. And is there a way to remove this binding?” I 
asked in response, sounding more sardonic than I had meant to.
“I have searched for decades on this matter, and all were futile,” Director Goodsky let 
out a deep breath, ignoring my tone.
“Then the reason you are locked up here is because…”
“From what you have told me and based on what I already know, it seems I have been 
made a scapegoat that the Council wishes to utilize as a convenient excuse for all that 
has happened recently.”
“Why would the Council need a scapegoat?”
“I cannot say the reason for this as well,” she replied. There was clear frustration in 
her tone, but not directed at me, but rather at herself. “Arthur, it is painful for me to 
continue talking about this. Even the very thought of mentioning what I know to 
someone activates the curse. We should both get some rest; heaven knows we’ll be 
needing it.”
Letting out a sigh, I stepped away from the metal gate and leaned my back against the 
rigid, stone wall of my cell. Even without the artifact binding my mana core, I was still 
unable to use any sort of magic here.
With nothing else to do, my mind began racing with different thoughts.
We were inside of a floating castle located above one of the deepest ends of the Beast 
Glades. Assuming that I could escape with Sylvie and Director Goodsky, would we even 
be able to make it out of the Beast Glades alive? Sylvie was out of the question since 
her recent transformation had left her in a state only slightly better than a hibernating 
bear. Goodsky was a silver core wind mage, which might be enough for us to fly back.
I backtracked my plan after realizing the three of us would still probably get wiped 
out. On our way here, the two lances had to constantly release a strong killing intent 
to ward off any beast. Even then, they were cautious enough to hide all of our 
presences at times. It would be near suicidal to think we can simply fly over the entire 
Beast Glades.
After what seemed like hours of deliberation, I could only click my tongue in 
frustration and roll over on the cold floor to try and get some sleep. It was impossible 
after all. It was becoming harder and harder to push down the sensation of 
hopelessness creeping up the more I continued to plan for our escape.
BLAINE GLAYDER’S POV:
“What the hell was that, Glayder? I thought we had an agreement?” the former dwarf 
king barked out after slamming the door of my study.
“Yes. I am well aware what the agreement is. Rest assured, you will have my, and my 
wife’s, vote, Dawsid. However, even you cannot make me spout out such irrational 
accusations at the boy who had just saved the entire future generation of this 
continent, including my children,” I responded icily, pouring myself a glass of aged 
liquor.
“And, I’m saying that there will be no future generation if you do not side with me! 
Arthur and his bond has to go. That was the agreement. They have to be brought back 
to Him if we’re going to even have a future in this continent.”
“I know what the stakes are, Dawsid. I do not need you badgering me every moment 
you feel insecure. What you and I are doing is betraying the entire population, you 
realize that, yes?” I hissed, staring at the dwarf who wasn’t much taller than I was even 
when I was seated.
“It’s not considered betraying if this continent was already bound for annihilation. 
Blaine, you and I both know what is going to happen to Dicathen, regardless of 
whether we try to save it or not. We have to look beyond that and try to salvage what’s 
important to us,” he consoled, his hands gestured in a placating manner.
“If that’s what you tell yourself to sleep at night, go ahead. What we’re doing is 
abandoning our people so that we can save our own asses,” I scoffed, shaking my head.
“That is what I tell myself! What He promised isn’t a bad deal! Your family will all live 
and serve Him just like my family will.”
“And what of our people, Dawsid? What will He do with the citizens of Dicathen? If 
even the Kingdom of Sapin and Darv aren’t safe after we promised allegiance to Him, 
what will happen to the Kingdom of Elenoir?”
“Bah! The elves have always been too old-fashioned and righteous for their own good. 
That old geezer, Virion, would never allow Alduin to side with Him. It’s a shame too, 
but, unlike us, the elves won’t realize what being a leader truly means. Just imagine, 
Blaine, the technology, the riches that He and his people will bring to Dicathen! 
Immortality, unrivaled martial strength, and infinite wealth will no longer be just a 
fantasy for us, but be only a matter of time!”
“Mind your words. I am following Him because of my family. Do not lump me together 
with the likes of you, who is abandoning your own race for the sake of personal gain. 
Im sure you can imagine what He will most likely do once he arrives. What will become 
of the rest of the three races? Most likely either a genocide of some form, or if he’s 
smart, he’ll make them all his slaves.”
The former dwarf king was rendered speechless by my response; his mouth moved as 
if he was trying to refute my argument, but no audible words came out.
“Nevertheless, my wife’s love for our children seems to heavily outweigh that of the 
entire human kingdom, and my duty to preserve the Glayder blood will always 
triumph, so rest assured, we will side with you. Hopefully, my ancestors will forgive 
my actions as this will be the only way to save the Glayder line,” I sighed in defeat.
Dawsid lifted his hand up, about to pat my shoulder when I gave him a sharp look. 
Feigning a dry cough, he excused himself, leaving me to my own dark thoughts in the 
silence of my study. Staring blankly at the extravagantly decorated room, furnished 
with rare wood carved by master carpenters, embellished with rare gems and metals 
worth more than a small town, a sense of dread and guilt began surfacing in my 
stomach.
These luxuries meant nothing to me. All my life, what I wanted was to be the strongest 
mage to make my father and my ancestors proud. Yet, it was blatantly obvious that my 
talent as a mage was subpar compared to even countryside peasants. Only through 
spending an enormous amount of resources on mana strengthening elixirs and aids 
was I able to barely break into the red stage. Even towards my own wife and children, 
I caught myself harboring feelings of scathing envy.
I had always been ashamed by this but there was little else I could do. Even having 
control over the two lances did not help my feelings of inferiority, instead, it was a 
daily reminder for me that in order to properly rule over my own people,I needed to 
be guarded at all times because I wasn’t strong enough to fend for myself.
Was I truly making this decision for the safety of my family and myself, or, like Dawsid, 
hungered and yearned for power incomparable to other mages? The safety of my 
loved ones is what made me take action, but the more I dwelled on it, the more I was 
growing excited at the prospect of gaining strength, being at the pinnacle of where my 
people would fear and respect me solely because of my strength, and not due to the 
protection the lances I had in my control. My true motives and intentions have become 
more and more blurry the more I thought upon it.
After an hour of contemplating, I realized in my inebriated state that no amount of 
alcohol could wash this miserable feeling away. I stumbled over my own feet and 
toppled onto the ground. Losing my grip on the glass I was holding onto as I fell, it 
shattered on the floor ahead of me; the shards embedded themselves into the arm I 
used to break my fall with. I could only curse in frustration at my own inability. How 
pathetic was I, stumbling and being cut by mere glass. Had I been born more talented, 
more powerful…
I picked myself up, ignoring the bloodstains on the ground, leaving the shards of glass 
in my bleeding arm while staggering to my bedroom. I could smell the stench of liquor 
in my breath as I let out a deep breath.
Memories of when I had first met the boy flashed in my mind as I trudged towards the 
door that now seemed so far away. Even before my children started speaking of Arthur 
from school, he had left a deep impression, enough for me to see him as a figure of 
great importance in the future. Perhaps the only thing greater than his strengths as a 
mage was his poor luck in being involved in this conspiracy.
“I’m sorry, boy…” I mumbled under my breath. “I would like to believe that it is for the 
good of this continent that you become a sacrifice.” Even as I said this, the words 
sounded empty to my ears. I had hoped saying it aloud would provide some sort of 
self-assurance, but what I felt for Arthur wasn’t grief or sympathy.
Stronger than the feelings of a king sacrificing for the greater good…
Even stronger than the weight of a Glayder trying to keep his bloodline alive…
I felt this soothing sensation of my dark envy being resolved with the death of this boy. 
I loathed myself for this, but what of it? I am Blaine Glayder, fourth of his name, yet my 
talents as a mage don’t even amount to a single drop compared to the ocean that is 
Arthur Leywin. Why should that boy of no origins carry a power that is better fit for 
me?
I unlocked the door and wobbled unsteadily, denying the maids rushing to help me.
“I’m sorry, boy,” I mumbled again. “It is for the greater good…”
“For my greater good.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
The silhouette of an enormous castle shrouded in darkness continued growing larger 
but whether I was approaching the castle or the castle was moving towards me, I had 
no idea. As the silhouette grew closer, I was gradually able to make out the details of 
the castle: the fluttering house flag resting on the top of the highest tower, the splendid 
fountain carved with intricate features, the high gates with sharp spikes and barbed 
wire.
Little by little, the shadows covering the castle receded, exposing more of the castle’s 
exterior. I could see the image of a flaming phoenix on the house flag and crows 
gathering atop the gate. However, a horrendous feeling began creeping up my back, 
the closer I drew. I arrived below the towering gates and locked eyes with a 
particularly grotesque crow. It regarded me for a few seconds but then let out a caw 
and resumed its feast.
What was it eating?
I couldn’t see from the bottom of the gate, but for some reason, I felt a need to know 
what the ravens were eating.
This unrelenting urge to find out…
I began climbing up the gate, ignoring the spikes from the barbed wire digging into my 
hands. The higher I climbed, the more crows gathered atop the gate, joining in on the 
festivities. At some point, I became shrouded in crow feathers so much that I could 
only see black. I roared out for them to disappear, but no sound came out. Despite the 
inaudible shriek, the flock dispersed, revealing what they had been so eagerly 
consuming.
It was the decapitated heads of Tessia and my family impaled on black spikes. There 
were chunks of flesh missing from their face. Without their eyelids, their milky eyes 
seemed to stare distantly as their lip-less mouth hung open.
As I reached for them, to remove them from the spikes their heads were skewered on, 
all of their gaze suddenly focused on me and they screamed at me, revealing the 
insects that had burrowed themselves inside of their mouths.
“ALL YOUR FAULT!” The sudden volume of their voices made me lose my grip on the 
gate and I was sent falling down as their lifeless eyes continued to stare at me.
I bolted up from the stone ground I had been lying on. Cold sweat had already 
drenched my clothes as I sat there heaving for breath.
It was just a dream………
I stared down at my hands to find out that they were trembling. As I tried to control 
my breathing, an unfamiliar voice startled me to my feet.
I whipped my body towards the sound, only to be staring at a darkened figure in the 
corner of my cell.
As she stepped out towards me, I was able to see who she was.
“Hi, there,” the woman said coaxingly, except her mouth wasn’t moving. Her voice had 
a soothing timbre that tickled my ear.
It dawned on me that the woman who had just spoken was Alduin’s remaining lance. 
I had caught a glimpse of her earlier today, except, just like before, she was covered in 
a cloak that hid her appearance.
What surprised me more was the fact that despite how close she was to me, I wasn’t 
able to sense her presence at all. It reminded me of when Virion released his second 
stage of his beast form, except, it seemed as natural as breathing for her.
“Do not talk. I bring you a message from King Eralith,” she whispered from underneath 
her cloak, leaning close to me as she handed me a piece of paper.
I read through it as soon as the letter was in my hand.
Dear Arthur,
While explanations and apologies for the recent events concerning the disaster at 
Xyrus Academy are in order, I fear the scale of this incident is much deeper and more 
sinister than what it appears to be on the surface.
You do not have much time. Come a few hours, the Council will deem you and Cynthia 
Goodsky as the perpetrators of the act of terrorism that had befallen on Xyrus. 
Director Goodsky will be sentenced to public execution, but you and your bond will 
only be imprisoned. I’m sorry I could not help you much in this matter; my voice 
simply cannot win against the unified front of the dwarves and humans.
What I’m about to tell you next is something that was not meant for my ears. I have 
yet to find all of the missing pieces, but what I did hear between King Glayder and 
Dawsid, was that they are planning on delivering you to someone. I do not know who, 
but it seems to be the only reason why they’re keeping you alive and intact. I have 
already sent my father, along with a few escorts, to take your family to a hidden 
location where they’ll be safe from those who wish to do your family harm or use them 
against you. Think of it as a small compensation for all that you’ve done for Tessia. I 
hope this, at least, gives you some ease of heart. Even if my lance can free you from 
your cell, once you step outside, all of the other lances will be notified. My apologies 
as this is all I can do for you for now. Stay strong and be firm.
Alduin Eralith
As soon as I folded the letter, it crumbled into ashes between my fingers. Looking back 
up, the female lance named Aya, that I had expected to see, was no longer there, 
disappearing as quietly as she had appeared.
I had to admit that there was a heavy burden that had been lifted from my chest. The 
safety of my family had been a concern for me the entire time. Due to the information 
passed on from Windsom, the Council’s behaviour since our first meeting made me 
question the possibility of the Vritra playing a part in all of this. However, now that the 
Council had decided on the public execution of Director Goodsky, I was almost certain 
that the Vritra were involved.
I had originally suspected the Wykes house being involved by somehow tilting the 
odds against my favor for killing Lucas; they were a family of high wealth and influence 
after all. But the Wykes family has no reason for involving the Director of Xyrus 
Academy. Even if Goodsky wasn’t from an influential family, her name alone bears 
weight all over the continent. The Wykes family alone wouldn’t be able to influence 
the Council enough to make them do something so rash like condemning her to public 
execution. Even if pushing the blame on Goodsky would ease some of the burden the 
Council would face from the public, her death wouldn’t be worth it…
Unless there was a third party involved calling the shots, either bribing or forcing the 
Council.
Letting out another deep breath as I sat down, thoughts of how I had refused to grow 
attached to anyone in my past life because I didn’t want any weaknesses came to mind. 
Shaking my head to try and disperse the thoughts, I leaned my back against the cold 
wall, thinking and coming up with a plan.
“Get up!” a sharp baritone voice snapped.
My eyes fluttered open at the abrupt bellow and clanging of the metal gate.
Rolling to my stomach, I push myself up, stretching the aching bones in my body from 
sleeping on the hard, stone ground.
I expected to see Olfred since he was the one that had brought me to the cell, but 
instead, I had the unfortunate pleasure of waking up to Bairon’s happy face; and by 
happy, I meant a scowl of impatience laced with a hatred for my very existence 
basically written on his face. I don’t blame him, since I had been the one to kill his 
younger brother, but I sensed, for some reason, that his death wasn’t the only reason 
for his blatant animosity.
“The Council is waiting,” Bairon spoke sharply, opening the gate. The lance grabbed 
my arm roughly and half dragged me out of my cell after binding my arms and 
attaching the sealing artifact back on my chest.
“Good morning to you as well. I see you’re not much of a morning person,” I chuckled, 
trying to keep myself from falling as he continued jerking my arm.
The lance said nothing in response, though his cold glare spoke volumes. As we made 
our way towards the exit, I noticed that the cell Director Goodsky had been held in 
was open.
We arrived in front of a different room from yesterday; the large double doors that 
towered high enough to admit giants were closed shut, with muffled sounds coming 
from the other side.
“You don’t know how much I’m looking forward to the trial,” Bairon said, his jaws 
tensing, while his grip on my arm became even tighter.
“Don’t worry, I’ll be sure to treat your family with the same sentiments you showed 
mine.” The lance turned to me, his lips curling upwards in a smirk, just enough to 
reveal his sharp canine.
Had I not received the letter earlier last night, I might’ve actually been worried, but 
knowing they were safely hidden and that for now the Council needed me alive and 
intact, his empty threats didn’t mean much.
“Are you honestly trying to pick a fight with a thirteen-year-old?” I shook my head, 
using my best expression of disappointment.
A sharp tug lifted me from the ground and suddenly, I was face to face with Bairon. “I 
don’t think you understand what’s about to happen to you right now. You’re going to 
either end up dead or wishing you had died while your pet is going to become a prized 
pet for one of the kings. You think this only affects you? I’ll make sure your family and 
anyone you even remotely cared about faces a miserable death.” he spat out as my legs 
dangled above the ground.
“Yes yes, the great Lance Bairon is going to take vengeance for his lunatic younger 
brother, who chose to go to the dark side and kill innocent students, by tormenting the 
teenager who put him out of his misery and killing his family too. All hail Lance 
Bairon!” I tried acting surprised, but I suspected my monotonous voice gave it away
I could see his right hand ball up into a fist, but he just clicked his tongue in disgust, 
tossing me back onto the floor with enough force to send me rolling towards the tall 
double doors. Dusting myself off as best as I could with my arms tied in front of me, I 
remained seated, leaning my head back on the doors as I gave Bairon a wink.
Either Bairon didn’t see or he chose to ignore me, but as I was about to say something, 
I heard faint sounds coming from the other side of the doors. After assimilating with 
Sylvia’s dragon will, my entire body had been strengthened, including my senses and 
reflexes. It wasn’t to the point where I would be able to last a few minutes against a 
lance without magic, but my hearing was strong enough to vaguely make out some 
familiar voices inside the protected room.
“…perpetrator of…”
“…refusal to answer…”
It seemed like the Council was about done with the sentencing for who I could safely 
assume to be Director Goodsky.
“…sentenced to public execution.”
The last statement rang particularly loud from Dawsid’s booming voice.
After a moment of silence, the tall doors I was leaning against suddenly swung inward 
without a creak, causing me to tip backwards. Looking up from the floor, I spotted the 
same guard, who had admitted Varay, Olfred and I during the first Council meeting, 
regarding us without any emotion.
“The Council is ready,” the guard said, shifting his gaze from me to Bairon.
Picking myself up, I was able to lock eyes with the former director of Xyrus Academy 
as she was escorted back out by two guards.
Her gaze was firm but her jaws were tensed in suppressed anger as she passed me by.
Keeping my expression deadpan and unreadable as I trudged towards the Council, I 
studied each of their faces.
Sitting down on the single chair, wordlessly, I waited for them to start. Bairon 
appeared behind Blaine Glayder and as the double doors shut with a loud thud, the 
room was filled with an eerie silence. The Dwarf King was the first to speak, his eyes 
glued to the stack of papers he had begun shuffling through.
“Boy, let it be known that the Council is merciful. Even though your heinous actions 
against a fellow schoolmate would normally result in at least the incapacitation of 
your mana core, we agreed that since your actions were for the sake of the greater 
good, your sentencing will instead be as followed: Arthur Leywin is to be stripped of 
his previous title as a mage all and the benefits that come with. He is also to be 
imprisoned until further notice.” Dawsid spoke in a grandiose manner, as if he actually 
thought of himself as benevolent.
There was a brief silence; I suspected the Dwarf King was waiting for me to shower 
him with gratitude and other forms of flattery before he spoke again.
“Is there anything you would like to say?” he questioned.
“Just a few questions… Your Majesty. While my first punishment is apparent enough, 
what do you mean by imprisoned until ‘further notice’?” I tilted my head.
“Upon the next few weeks, we’ll be monitoring how the disaster at Xyrus Academy is 
faring with the victims and their families. As soon as we see that enough time has 
passed and the memories of your actions have more or less dissipated from the 
public’s minds, we will release you. Think of it as a sort of provisional detainment 
instead of imprisonment,” Blaine explained, mustering up a smile that didn’t quite 
reach his eyes.
“I see. Fair enough, I suppose. What of my bond?” I asked. As soon as I was released 
from my cell this morning by Bairon, I had tried communicating with Sylvie, only to be 
met by silence.
“The Council is already being kind enough to let you live, yet you ask for more?” 
Glaundera snapped, banging her thick palm on the raised desk.
“Keeping your bond is another issue, Arthur. Part of the sentencing where you lose 
your rights as a mage means that you will no longer be able to keep your bond.” Alduin 
had been the one to tell me this. Had it been anyone else, I would’ve reacted differently, 
but reading the subtle meanings in his intonations and words, I knew he was only 
trying to keep me from trouble…
As our eyes stayed locked for a few more seconds, I forced a stiff nod.
“I understand, Your Majesties.”
“Good. Bairon, take him back to his cell but keep him chained up,” Blaine waved us 
away. I studied the expressions of everyone there one last time. While Blaine’s face 
was more self-assured than yesterday’s trial, his wife still looked pale with guilt. The 
dwarves were both haughtily arrogant, making me more certain that they were the 
ones most involved with the Vritra while the Alduin and Merial both wore stoic 
expressions as masks.
I could tell Bairon was furious but he stayed silent throughout the trip back to my cell. 
I decided it was best not to antagonize him in his current state so I remained mute as 
well.
I had expected to be taken to the same cell I was in before, but I was instead brought 
down to a different holding place. With an actual bed and toilet, I would’ve mistaken 
it for a room if it weren’t for the bars that kept me from escaping.
After tossing me inside with a bit more strength than necessary, the lance left 
wordlessly. My arms were still chained together in front of me while the artifact stayed 
embedded into my chest, limiting my abilities.
I couldn’t tell how many hours had passed or whether it was night or day since there 
weren’t any windows, but as I sat there patiently, the sound of soft footsteps 
approached.
“It seems you were expecting me,” the voice sighed.
My lips curled upwards as I gazed upon a strikingly familiar face.
“About damn time, Windsom.”
DAWSID GREYSUNDER’S POV:
“Hehe… hehehe,” I pursed my lips, trying to contain the laughter building up inside 
me.
“Cheers, My Love, for the madness that will soon be coming to an end.” I held up my 
goblet as I leaned forward.
“Cheers.” My wife smiled back, touching my glass with hers to make a hollow ‘clink’.
Leaning back in the leather armchair much too big for myself, I relished the dry taste 
of fermented fruits that cost me about as much as a small house. Admiring the 
extravagant rings on each of my fingers, sparkling against the candlelight, I couldn’t 
help but smile widely.
“Just think, Glaundera. After this, no longer will our people be stuck in holes at the 
bottom of this continent. With His new rule, we, along with our people, will be there 
to serve directly beneath him. Dwarves will no longer need to be tools that slave away, 
forging weapons for the humans. We will be the chosen race that will lead this 
underdeveloped continent into a new era alongside Him,” I sighed.
“Was He really that powerful, Dear? You are the only one that has had direct 
communication with this ‘being’. What was he like?” my wife leaned her head on her 
arm, getting comfortable.
“It was nothing like I’d ever imagined. I’ve had my share of time fighting mana beasts 
when I was younger. Unlike the old dwarves that stick to their traditions, I carried no 
pride in the weapons that I had built. What satisfaction was there in watching 
someone mindlessly swing the weapon you poured your blood and sweat into 
crafting? No, the only weapon I ever finished, I had made for myself. Using my war axe, 
Full Cleave, I slayed hundreds of mana beasts of all classes. There were some that 
could send shivers straight down my spine with just a passing glance, while others 
could petrify even the strongest of mages with a glare” —I took another sip from my 
glass— ”Yet, when he first made himself known to me, I couldn’t breathe. My head felt 
like it was getting pounded by hammers while my whole body stung as if each pore 
was being stabbed by tiny needles. I’ve lingered at the gates of death countless times, 
but nothing had ever made me so fearful.”
Looking down at my hands, I see that they were trembling. “I told you this before, but 
I truly felt like I was facing a god. I had this overwhelming notion that he didn’t need 
me in order to achieve his goals, yet he was giving me this chance. He chose us, My 
Love. He chose us,” I whispered.
“I believe you, My Dear. And when he takes rule of this Continent, what was it that he 
promised us again?” My wife scooted next to me, cuddling against my arm as her large 
hands wrapped around my waist.
“He promised us everything we could ever hope for: vast wealth, magical capabilities 
that are beyond comprehension, more people to serve us, and best of all, an eternity 
to enjoy them all. Glaundera, I can finally, once again, swing Full Cleave. No more will 
this crippled body of mine hinder me,” I said, my voice growing louder the more 
excited I became.
“That’s great, My Dear. Truly, being in the Council is hindering your full potential,” my 
wife cooed, coaxing me as she rubbed my belly.
I leaned further back, enjoying her touch. “Hah! We three kings have a joke we say to 
one another. We joke around how the three kings of this generation all lack the talent 
and potential as mages, calling it the Dicathen’s Kings’ Complex. Screw them! Unlike 
the other two, I was once a great mage. Being an orange core mage by the time I was 
at my prime, I would have soared to greater heights if it wasn’t for that damned 
incident that left me in this pitiful state.”
What I never told my wife was that the ‘incident’ happened because I had some fun 
with a peasant girl.
I unconsciously licked my lips as I recalled that night. It would’ve been a lot more 
enjoyable if she wasn’t screaming so loudly.
I don’t know how her husband found out, but he was crafty enough to get me alone, 
even using his own wife as bait. Of course, I ended up killing the both of them to hide 
my little secret, but not before he was able to land a wound on me that would forever 
cripple my mana core. “Curse them! They should have just quietly accepted their fate; 
in fact, they should’ve seen it as an honor!” I cursed. To have put me in such a pathetic 
state, even torturing and killing them wasn’t enough.
“Dear, hush! The dwarves all respect you and you know that,” my wife scolded gently, 
snapping me out from my bitter memories.
“Respect? Bah, bull testicles! They all grudgingly obey me because of the two lances I 
have in my possession. I can feel it. Their eyes when they look at me, I know that 
they’re thinking: ‘Why is such a weak dwarf leading us?’ ‘He was just born lucky. He 
doesn’t deserve the crown and lances.’”
“Then we can kill all those that had once looked down on you, simple as that. And you 
will do it with your own two fists.” My wife moved her hand up, stroking my beard 
with her thick fingers as she looked up at me, her soothing smile accentuating her 
powerful square jaw. “You forgot one thing, though.”
“Of course. He also promised us fertility. We will finally be able to have sons and 
daughters of our own to carry on the Greysunders blood. In fact, why not see if he has 
already blessed us with it.” I put down my wine glass and shifted my body to face my 
wife. As I looked deep into her dirt brown eyes, I dug underneath her clothes to feel 
her warm, coarse skin. I could feel her shudder from my touch as I continued softly 
rubbing her back, slowly reaching lower and lower.
As her eyes closed in pleasure, I used my other hand to untie her thin gown. When I 
slipped my hand underneath her top, she gasped in surprise from the chill of my 
fingers on her firm, exposed bosom.
I slipped off her gown to reveal her defined shoulders, smiling at the mesmerizing 
sight. I never understood the tastes of human and elf men, all wanting thin women. A 
real woman has to have muscles like these.
My wife inched closer impatiently as I took my sweet time undressing her; coaxing her 
as I spread her legs—
Bang!
The door to our room slammed open, only to show my guard, who had been stationed 
outside, looking wide-eyed at us.
“What is the meaning of this!” I roared. “How dare you barge in without—”
Like a wooden plank, the guard leaned forward and dropped to the ground without a 
word. Upon realizing that there was a hole through his back where his heart should’ve 
been, I immediately sprang up from our previous intimate posture.
He was dead.
“My greetings, Greysunders.” A cold, hoarse voice filled my ears. As I took a step back, 
I could see my wife quickly redressing, fumbling as she herself got off the couch.
“How dare you barge into this room? Do you know who I am?” I screamed, fear filling 
the very depth of my soul as I stared at the figure. I couldn’t make out his features from 
the shadows of where he stood.
“That is of no importance. You two are the only infestations I need to take care of,” he 
spoke evenly.
Just as a light flashed towards us, a wall of molten lava intersected just in time to stop 
the intruder’s attack. However, I could taste the blood that trickled down from the tip 
of my nose into my mouth from the glowing needle that was barely stopped in time by 
my lance’s magic.
“Ol-Olfred! How could you let someone just barge into my room?” Stumbling 
backwards, my firm rebuke to my lance ended up sounding much more like a 
frightened whimper.
“My apologies, Your Majesties. I do not know how he managed to get in but I have 
notified Mica as well. The intruder will not be leaving,” my lance stated. Even as he 
gave my wife and me a curt bow, his eyes never left the shadowed figure.
Mica was the second lance under my command. While she wasn’t as obedient as 
Olfred, her skills as a mage was enough to allow me to be lenient with her.
“Good, good. T-take care of that intruder right now! I want him alive if possible!” I 
pointed my finger at the figure, hoping my wife wasn’t able to see that it was trembling 
fiercely.
“I seek only for the Greysunders’ heads. Needless bloodshed is not my desire,” the 
voice spoke coolly.
I backed up against the wall involuntarily when he spoke. For some reason he left me 
feeling terrified. No, now with Olfred is here and Mica on her way, I should have 
nothing to worry about.
“Unfortunately, the thing I seek is your head,” Olfred hissed, his limbs becoming 
engulfed in flames as he manifested mana into them.
The bright flames emitted from my lance as he dashed towards the intruder revealed 
the latter’s features, and knowing exactly who I was facing did not quell the fear inside 
me. Instead, it made me even more horrified.
He was elderly, with long, white hair tied tightly into a ponytail, flowing down like a 
stream of liquid pearl. Yet, despite his age, he stood, poised, with his hands elegantly 
placed behind his straight back. Both of his eyes were closed, bringing further 
emphasis on a third, unblinking eye in his forehead that glowed a radiant purple.
[Magma Knights]
As my lance casted his spell in a whisper, five soldiers made of magma were instantly 
conjured from beneath the intruder. However, as they reached for the elderly man, 
they crumbled into pieces with merely a faint blur of the intruder’s arm.
Olfred continue to conjure magma knights but each time they arose, they were just as 
quickly diced into little pieces by a movement too fast for my eyes.
“Bestow onto me,” Olfred chanted through gritted teeth.
[Hell’s Armor]
My lance’s body completely erupted into dark crimson flames as he approached the 
intruder. As the flames subsided, I could see the intricate armor made of magma that 
had covered Olfred. Glowing red runes intricately covered the armor, as a cape of 
billowing fire flowed down his back.
“Haha! This is what you get for being so arrogant! Die!” I cheered manically. A crazed 
smile formed on my face as I watched my lance about to destroy the intruder that had 
left me in such a pathetic state.
Olfred’s first blow landed squarely on the intruder’s face, even completely decimating 
the wall behind him with the shockwave. My fist clenched in excitement as I awaited 
to see the bloody mush that his face should’ve now become.
However, as the dust cloud faded, I felt my mouth hang open from shock. The 
intruder’s face was intact and unblemished, yet Olfred’s armored arm was snapped in 
two,his fist reduced to a bloody pulp. I could see splinters of white coming out of his 
knuckles from where his bones snapped.
“I admire your skills for a lesser being. Your powers could prove useful for the future 
of this continent, but now, you are only an irritant.” As the intruder spoke, he 
manifested a thin, glowing blade from the tip of his finger.
His next movement was so quick, it seemed as if he had teleported, but he was simply 
moving at such a monstrous speed that my eyes couldn’t comprehend.
The intruder blinked a few feet to where Olfred stood on guard, and the tip of his 
glowing saber gently touched the center of my lance’s armored chest.
“Break.”
The Hell’s Amor, ranked one of the highest fire-attribute defensive spells, shattered 
into dust. Blood spewed out of Olfred’s mouth as he was flung across the room and 
into the wall that I was backed up against.
I could only stare blankly at the scene. A shiver ran down my back as I felt the 
intruder’s unblinking eye on me.
My throat was too dry to even swallow, let alone utter a word. As I looked at the 
trembling figure of my wife, an earth-shattering sound made me whip my head back.
“Hello King and Queen. Mica is sorry that she’s late!” a familiar voice chirped from 
within the cloud of dust.
“M-Mica! Your King was almost killed! Hurry up and dispose of that man!” I spouted 
out, holding onto my wife.
Mica was an anomaly amongst dwarves. She didn’t have any of the usual traits that 
would make a dwarven lady attractive. She was short but thin, with pale creamy skin 
instead of the usual bronze skin that was so admired.
Her features made her appear as if she was a feeble human child, her slightly pointed 
ears the only indication that she was really a dwarf. Despite her meagre appearance, 
her abilities in gravity manipulation was monstrous. Wielding a giant mace more than 
triple her size, she was able to freely control the weight of anything within a certain 
radius.
As the dust cloud dissipated, I could see that the intruder had completely dodged 
Mica’s surprise attack.
“Another annoyance.” The intruder’s voice sounded a bit more put off this time, but 
that could’ve just been me.
Before he could make his way towards me, the ground crumbled around him and my
lance.
“Welcome to Mica’s world. Don’t die!” my lance giggled as she easily swung her giant 
morningstar.
“Excellent gravity manipulation,” the intruder nodded as he approached my lance. I 
could tell Mica was caught off guard when her opponent so easily walked towards her, 
each of his steps creating a deep imprint as the floor tiles cracked from the increased 
gravity.
Even with my life in danger, a nagging feeling of jealousy sprouted. This is what I 
desired— power to fight like this; to be at the apex of strength and magical 
capabilities.
“How can you move so easily? Your body weighs more than four tons!” Mica hissed as 
she slowly retreated, maintaining a careful distance from him.
“Is that your limit?” The man asked.
“Huh?” my lance responded, not expecting a question in response.
“It seems it is.”
“What limits? Mica has no limits!” my lance yelled as she jumped up for her final 
attack. Imbuing more mana into her weapon, I could see slight ripples in the space 
around it due to the distortion of gravity. “Eat this!”
Her mace swung down with a force that I suspect could bring this entire castle to the 
ground, but the intruder simply lifted a single finger in response, effortlessly stopping 
the otherwise monstrous strike.
A wave of hopelessness overcame me Despite the magnitude of my lance’s power, I 
knew she couldn’t win.
I scrambled to my feet. I can’t die here. I need to escape.
From the corner of my eye, I saw a flash of light as the intruder formed a glowing blade 
that pierced through Mica. From what I could see, there was no wound from where 
she was slashed, but it must’ve done something to her since she fell to the floor with 
the whites of her eyes visible, her mace crashing heavily onto the ground.
That useless brat couldn’t even provide me with enough time to escape.
The intruder turned to face my wife and I with his thin glowing blade…
Glaundera shrieked with her finger pointed menacingly at the figure, “Y-you don’t 
know who you’re messing with. My husband will soon be the new right hand of Agora 
of the Vritra, an almighty deity—”
“Shut up!” I hissed, striking her face before she could finish.
“Asura. There are no deities in this world, only asuras,” the man corrected as he slowly 
approached us.
“P-please, have mercy and spare me O’ Great One.” I could feel a growing warmth 
between my legs as I got on my knees and begged.
“Do you want to live?” he asked as his single eye looked down at me.
“Y-yes! Please! I’ll do anything!” I pleaded as I tried to wrap my head around the 
situation at hand. Who, in this continent, could possibly dispose of a white core mage 
so easily?
“I see that Agora failed to choose his pawns with proper caution,” he continued, his 
voice filled with contempt.
“Please, I’ve never even met him. He only called out to me, threatening to kill my wife 
and my people had I not obeyed. I-I beg you. This was all against my will,” I pleaded, 
prostrating myself on my hands and knees as my forehead touched the warm puddle 
of my own urine.
“Very well. Release the two lances that you have in your possession from the oath,” he 
commanded, his voice even and cold.
“R-release?” I stuttered.
“Yes. Is that a problem?” His single eye narrowed.
“No, of course not.” I took off the artifact that I had always kept around my neck and 
imbued my mana signature into it. As I released the oath, blood dribbled down the 
corners of my mouth.
I was instructed by my father to never undo the oath, that it could and should never 
be undone. However, my life was at stake here.
As both Olfred and Mica glowed a faint red indicating that the artifact’s bind has been 
released, I looked back at the intruder.
“T-there! I did it.”
“Good. They were unfortunate to have such a poor master, but they will be useful 
pieces in the upcoming war,” he responded, nodding as he looked at the two lances.
“N-now please. Let me go.” I hated how my voice sounded so weak and desperate.
“I’m sorry, did I say I’d let you go?” As I looked up, there was a change in his expression; 
for the first time a small smirk formed on face.
I tried responding but nothing came out.
No words… no sound… no breath…
Looking down, I could see the gaping hole in my throat and all I could do was stare at 
him, my jaw slack. As my vision faded, I peeled my gaze from the intruder and glanced 
at my wife. She was staring back as she reached desperately for me, a hole in her chest 
while blood soaked her thin gown.
Everything darkened. I could feel a cold hand grasping my soul, pulling me away from 
my body.
“Let the game of chess begin.” The intruder’s last words echoed from afar as my 
consciousness drifted into whichever level of hell the hand decided to take me.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
There was an expression of ever-so-slight amusement reaching the raised brow of 
Windsom’s sharp eyes. The asura, still donning a military-esque uniform paired with 
a trim, side-swept hairstyle to match, held out my bond.
“Sylvie!” I exclaimed. I bolted up from my seat but was extra careful in picking her up 
out of Windsom’s hand. Upon careful inspection, there were no visible wounds on her 
body, and by the rhythmic breathing, it seemed that she was simply asleep.
Letting out a relieved sigh, I carefully placed my sleeping dragon on my head before 
regarding the asura standing before me.
“Thank you.” I gave him a meaningful nod to which he responded with a look a parent 
would give to one’s child after he or she had misbehaved.
“I had known you were rash, but to think you would get yourself and Lady Sylvie 
caught so soon, and by the ones involved with the Vritra no less,” he reprimanded.
“To be fair, I was saving the academy from the Vritra,” I half shrugged, as if that would 
validate my actions.
“You need to understand that you and Lady Sylvie’s safety should take the most 
precedence as of now.”
“Windsom, there were people inside that academy whose life I considered more 
important than my own.” My face grew stern, reflecting the resolve in my voice.
Windsom regarded me for a moment before speaking again. “Was it for the Elf 
Princess?” he asked as if he already knew the answer.
“It-it wasn’t just for her,” I defended, my voice coming out a lot more unconfident than 
I had wanted.
“No matter,” the asura sighed. “What’s done is done. Speaking of this, what I do not 
understand is why the perpetrator of the incident took your friend, Elijah, with him.”
“I don’t know either…” I was at a loss as well, and no matter how many times I 
pondered about it inside my cell, I couldn’t come up with a reasonable explanation.
“I don’t know,” I repeated. “But I need you to help us out of here, Windsom. I need to 
find out where they took Elijah and—”
“And what? Save him?” the asura cut in, his deep-set eyes cold and penetrating. “You 
can’t even escape from this place but you think you have the ability to save him?”
After letting out a deep breath, he lowered his voice and continued. “Besides, I know 
roughly where the man named Draneeve took your friend.”
“Really? Where?” I unknowingly grabbed onto his sleeve as I said this.
“After investigating the artifact left at Xyrus Academy, I suspect it was a teleportation 
device that Draneeve had used to escape, along with your friend Elijah… as well as the 
device he had used to…”
“…to get here,” I finished the sentence, a feeling of dread growing inside me. “They took 
Elijah back to Alacrya, didn’t they?”
“Most likely,” he replied, his voice cold.
I slumped back against the wall, staring at my feet as neither of us spoke for a while.
“Windsom, following my train of thought, I was going to suggest that I follow Elijah to 
Alacrya in the hopes that he would still be alive so that I can save him. You would then 
probably going to respond by telling me that I shouldn’t even dream of it since I’d get 
killed as soon as I step foot…” I looked back at him and a truly rare moment dawned 
on me where I had no answer. “So what do I do?”
“Well I wouldn’t say you’d die as soon as you stepped foot,” the asura smiled slightly, 
hints of empathy evident in his usually cold voice. “But yes, it would be suicide. Luckily, 
the pawn the Vritra Clan had sent left before you arrived, otherwise they would be 
much more wary of you. As of now, they hold an interest in you enough for them to 
want you in their possession, alive, but if they find out that you actually have Lady 
Sylvia’s innate will as well as her daughter, then I’m afraid even the asuras will have a 
hard time keeping the two of you safe.”
“What am I to do then? Just give up on my best friend?” I countered. “I calculated the 
possibility of receiving aid from the Elf King and I also knew you’d help us escape, but 
even thus, there wouldn’t be a safe place for us to stay. Considering that the Council is 
working for the Vritra, I would either have to stay where my family is hiding, or burrow 
somewhere deep within the Beast Glades.
“Staying hidden with my family, I wouldn’t be able to train without revealing my mana 
signature to the lances, endangering my family and Tessia’s. If I choose to go to the 
Beast Glades, I most likely wouldn’t survive long enough to get any reasonable training 
done.” I thought of the echoes of the giant mana beasts that we passed on our way 
here, and how even the lances were cautious enough not to brazenly mow through.
“You seem to have quite a good grasp on the situation at hand,” the asura 
acknowledged, giving me a terse nod. “How much have you managed to connect the 
Vritra with the Council?”
“Enough to reasonably suspect that the ones most closely connected to the Vritra were 
the Greysunders. The humans seemed to be favoring the opinion of the dwarves as 
well, but I have a hunch that they are reluctant,” I thought aloud.
“Impressive,” Windsom admitted. Sliding back his left sleeve, the asura looked at his 
watch. “Arthur it is about time we—”
“Who are you.” a voice interrupted.
Both Windsom and I turned our heads to see that it was Bairon.
“It seems he has finished taking care of things,” Windsom muttered softly to himself.
‘How did you get in here?” The lance’s eyes narrowed as his glance flickered between 
the asura next to me and the supposedly locked up dragon on top of my head. Despite 
how rash Bairon had acted with me, I realized that he was actually very cautious and 
level-headed under normal circumstance. He regarded Windsom with caution, not 
leaving any openings in his stance even when they were separated by a reinforced 
cage.
“I asked how you got in here,” Bairon growled, his eyes glued on the mysterious visitor. 
“Are you with the other intruder?”
“Yes,” Windsom replied indifferently, taking a step toward the lance.
“Then an explanation is no longer necessary.” Bairon raised his fist like a loaded 
cannon as the gathered electricity crackled and popped around his arm.
[Flash Ray]
I frantically jumped out of the way, upon knowing what was coming. Windsom had 
forgotten to remove the artifact strapped to my chest, disabling my mana flow. If I were 
to get hit with that spell, there wouldn’t even be ashes left to bury.
A condensed sphere of electricity shot out from the lance’s fist, disintegrating the 
reinforced metal bars as if it were tissue. However, Windsom stayed glued to his 
position as the spell rapidly approached him.
I braced myself for when the ball of lightning would collide with the asura, but as 
Bairon high-level magic reached Windsom, the asura simply reached up and caught 
the spell as if were a rubber ball.
I knew, undoubtedly, that Windsom would be able to handle the attack, but even I 
didn’t expect it to be done so easily.
Crushing the orb of condensed lightning in his palm, he turned to me, gesturing with 
a flick of his head. “Looks like we have our way out.”
I let out a snort of laughter, but before we could say anything else, Bairon had already 
reached Windsom.
“Child. There is no longer a reason for you to fight me,” Windsom said coolly as he 
easily dodged the barrage of strikes and kicks imbued with lightning. Unlike me, 
Bairon’s lightning magic seemed to mostly consist of external spells.
[Thunder Lance]
Bairon activated a spell in the midst of his attacks, conjuring five spears made of 
lightning to stab down at Windsom.
I had moved in the cell to avoid the brunt of their fight, but as I continued observing, 
it looked to me like Windsom was actually… bored.
“Enough.” With a simple flick of his arm that seemed slow in comparison to Bairon’s 
rapid succession of attacks, the lance’s face was buried in the ground. The entire cell 
shook as a spiderweb of cracks split the reinforced floor, Bairon’s sunken head being 
the epicenter.
From catching his spell to burying his face, Windsom was doing a fine job humiliating 
one of our continent’s strongest mage.
“Heel,” Windsom said impatiently as the lance struggled to free his head from the 
ground. Although Bairon’s face was scratched and a little bloody, he was otherwise 
unfazed.
“Bairon, stand your ground.” My ears perked at the familiar voice. It was Varay, the 
female lance that had encaged Sylvie, and was capable of going up against two lances 
herself.
“I don’t understand. He’s with the intruder!” Bairon spouted, turning to face his fellow 
lance.
“HE is a deity, not someone you can be addressing so flippantly!” Varay snapped back, 
her voice particularly cold. “My apologies, O’ Great One. Our King humbly asks for your 
presence.”
Despite knowing what Windsom was, it still stunned me to see Varay actually bow to 
someone. In comparison, Bairon had such a look of confusion that it was actually 
pretty amusing.
“D-Deity?” The lance stuttered stupidly.
“Correct. And now that you know what I am, ignorance is no longer an excuse,” 
Windsom answered, looking down harshly at Bairon. “Bow.”
By the way Bairon’s head slammed into the ground again, it looked like Windsom had 
done something to forcibly make him kneel, but it was a pleasant sight to see 
nonetheless.
We were led back to the room where my trial had taken place, except this time I wasn’t 
chained. Bairon had very reluctantly broken my shackles and removed the artifact 
inhibiting my mana flow after the whole fiasco ended.
A different guard from last time opened the door for us, revealing the people inside 
the room.
“W-Welcome.” King Blaine was the first to speak, rising from his chair. His complexion, 
along with Queen Priscilla’s, was almost sickly as they sat around an oval table that 
hadn’t been there previously.
Sitting adjacent to the human king and queen were Tessia’s parents, Alduin and 
Meralith, along with their hooded lance that delivered the note to me the night before.
Both the King and Queen of the elves acknowledged me with an uncomfortable 
greeting, but otherwise stayed silent. Also sitting on the table was Director Cynthia, 
who wore a baffle expression to compliment her disheveled appearance.
When I locked eyes with the man sitting next to her, I unknowingly leaped back on 
guard. All of the hairs on my body stood on end as every fiber of my being begged for 
me to run away from the elderly man that had a single eye on his forehead.
“Arthur. It is okay,” Windsom consoled.
I found it odd that the Greysunders weren’t present, but the rest of the people inside 
of the room, minus the one person I didn’t know, rose up from their seat and gave a 
small, respectable bow to Windsom.
Acknowledging their gestures, he motioned for me to take a seat with him at the table. 
As I sat down next to Windsom, I could feel the gears in my head turning, trying to 
make heads of the situation at hand. Here I was, sitting next alongside the Council and 
their lances; Director Cynthia, who had been a prisoner sentenced to death; and a man, 
whose identity I had no clue about.
There was a palpable tension in the room, enough to drive a normal person out of this 
room in sweat and fear. I had placed Sylvie on my lap during this time so I was 
currently petting her when I heard someone rise from their seat.
Unexpectedly, the one to get up was the man I had instinctively wanted to escape from. 
It seemed as if he had three eyes, yet two of them were closed. His white hair was tied 
in the back, reminding me of Virion when I had first met him.
“For those who do not know who I am”—the purple eye on his forehead focused on 
me—“I am Aldir.”
“Windsom and I have been sent here to give you lesser beings a chance of survival in 
the imminent war with the Vritra,” the asura continued without pause.
“So, just as we feared, there really will be a war…” Alduin spoke aloud as if he was 
simply voicing his thoughts.
“I have done the first step of discarding the corrupted. My role here now is to oversee 
the remainder of what you lessers call ‘the Council’ and instruct you on the necessary 
preparations to fight against the Continent of Alacrya.”
As soon as the word corrupted came out, both Blaine and Priscilla Glayder froze, their 
complexion becoming paler.
“Y-Your Majesty. If I may say something…” Blaine was the one to speak, and by the 
manner of his speech, it seemed that something must have happened to make the King 
appear so meek. “You have clearly shown us your capabilities, enough for me to believe 
that you are not someone of this realm. The difference in our abilities are to the point 
where I am unsure of why you would need us. Can’t you simply go to the Continent of 
Alacrya and defeat the Vritra?”
“What did that other asura mean by discarding the corrupted?” I leaned towards 
Windsom, whispering in his ear.
“The Greysunders have been eliminated and their lances are now under my control,” 
Aldir answered in Windsom’s stead.
Everything made sense. It seemed like the asura killed the ones working directly for 
the Vritra while leaving the Glayders with some sort of warning. That was why the 
human King and Queen were such a nervous wreck.
“And as for your point, King Glayder. Yes it would be simple enough to gather the 
asuras and personally fight against the Vritra. However, the Vritra Clan, along with the 
three other clans that are under their command were all former asuras that have 
broken our law. Even we can no longer calculate how much stronger they have truly 
become. Moreover, a battle of that magnitude will undoubtedly level the world. And 
that’s me being conservative,” Aldir continued as he faced the frightened King.
King Glayder responded with stunned silence as we all tried to imagine the magnitude 
of a battle that could sink continents.
Aldir continued speaking, “We asuras and the Vritra Clan had agreed upon a treaty 
where no higher beings can directly attack one another or interfere with any lesser 
beings. Instead—”
“Hold on. Doesn’t the fact that you killed two ‘lesser beings’ go against your words?” I 
cut in.
The asura’s glowing, purple eye narrowed as it peered into me, but after a brief 
moment Aldir’s lips curled into a smirk.
“Dicathen had received no direct aid from us asuras, but is now up against a 
population governed directly by Agrona of the Vritra. Even with my actions, he 
wouldn’t be rash enough to break the treaty for us simply evening out the playing 
field,” Windsom answered in Aldir’s stead.
“What of the black-horned demons that have been invading our land for years? One 
was even responsible for killing a lance,” I countered.
“You’re talking about the owner of this fragment?” Director Goodsky was the one to 
answer, holding up the black fragment of the horned being that killed Alea Triscan.
“Boy, I see it wasn’t a lie when Windsom said you are not simple. The being responsible 
for killing the lance, and the ones that have snuck into this continent are not asuras. 
Those monsters were once lesser beings such as yourself that have gone through 
countless experiments,” Aldir spat, obviously disgusted.
“So there are monsters that are not asuras capable of destroying the strongest mages 
in our continent? Is it even possible for us to win?” Merial Alduin, Tessia’s mother 
spoke for the first time.
“Yes, but they are limited and Agrona’s precious trump card in this war. Now that he 
knows of my presence, he will not dispatch them so recklessly as before.” Aldir sat 
back down, his whole body turned toward me.
“Think of me as a general in this upcoming war. It is for the asuras’ best interest that 
we are able to defend this continent. Now, Windsom, isn’t there something you and 
the boy have to do? I will take care of the rest here. We require countless preparations 
before we could defend ourselves”
Giving the three-eyed asura a nod, Windsom pulled me up, leading me and the 
sleeping Sylvie out of the room.
“Something we have to do, Windsom? Isn’t it important that we participate in the 
discussion? Shouldn’t we be there in the room as well?” I asked as I followed the asura.
“That is not your fight. Aldir knows what he is doing and will do his best to prepare 
you lessers for the imminent war. When that time comes, if you do not want to be 
useless, we need you stronger.”
“Makes sense, so what are we going to do?”
“First, we’re going to visit your family. You will need to say your goodbyes to them.” 
The asura’s back was still facing me, making it unable to determine whether he was 
joking or not.
“Goodbyes? What goodbyes? Where will I be going?” I pulled back the asura’s arm, 
surprised as he turned around so easily.
“I’m taking you and Lady Sylvie to the homeland of the asuras. Your training will be 
held in Epheotus.”
“Am I allowed to know all of this?” I questioned, removing a sharp branch out of my 
hair.
We were currently hiking through a familiar part of Elshire Forest after Windsom had 
teleported us nearby. It took me only a few moments upon arrival to realize that I had 
been to this part of the forest before with the Eralith family; we were headed towards 
Elder Rinia’s hideout.
“You have been given permission to stay in Epheotus so you will figure it out sooner 
or later. While memorizing the information that I’ve told you isn’t necessary, it is 
always beneficial for one to know the culture, mannerisms and politics involved when 
in unfamiliar territory. Especially if you have to interact with the important figures of 
said place.” Windsom advised, not bothering to turn around as he continued pushing 
branches and vines out of his way. “But I have a feeling that you already know the 
importance of that.”
“Of course,” I smirked. “But knowledge without understanding is but a sword stuck in 
its sheath. Now, you’ve told me the what, Windsom, but you’ve yet to tell me the why.”
“Very true,” he admitted. “Do not worry, we’ll get to that soon enough.”
I went on. “Okay, so there are sev… no, eight races of asuras in Epheotus. Each race 
consists of multiple clans, but only one clan within their respective race are titled as 
one of the High Eight?”
“The Great Eight,” the asura corrected immediately.
“What race was the Vritra Clan?” I tried to imagine multiple times in the past what sort 
of creature the Vritra Clan might be, with their horns and grey complexion, but nothing 
came to mind.
“The true form of the Vritra Clan is that of a fearsome serpentine asura called the 
Basilisk. It will be good for you to take note of the races and clan names of the Great 
Eight.”
“What became of the Basilisk race after the Vritra Clan and other Basilisk clans’ 
betrayal? I pressed on, swatting a particularly annoying insect that had probably 
thought my ear would make a good resting spot.
“Excluding the fact that the Vritra Clan was replaced by a lesser clan as part of the 
Great Eight, some of the more radical races pushed to annihilate whatever remained 
of the Basilisk race. Fortunately, the ties between each race reach far back in history; 
friends of the remaining Basilisk clans stood up for them. In the end, measures as 
drastic as a genocide were never taken; it would be foolish for a whole race to bear the 
crimes of a few, after all.”
I couldn’t discern what Windsom was thinking as he told me all of this. The inflection 
and tone of his voice didn’t match what he was saying, his words sounding almost 
sardonic.
“I see…” I continued walking, looking at my dirty boots crunching on fallen leaves and 
broken branches. “How were the Great Eight selected anyway?”
“The clans of the Great Eight have almost never changed. For example, even though 
the Dragon race has the fewest number of clans, the Indrath Clan, the clan of my 
master and Lady Sylvia, has been the part of the Great Eight since the beginning of our 
history. However, even to this day, the strength of the Great Clans are grades above the 
rest of the others. This is about the closest thing to an answer I can give you.”
We continued to rally back and forth as we made our way towards Elder Rinia’s hidden 
shelter, Windsom mostly quizzing me on the names I needed to know. I was able to 
process most of the information fairly quickly, but my sleep-deprived and starved 
state took a toll on my ability to retain information.
“Anyway, not to sound like a brat, but couldn’t you have brought us any closer? If you 
teleported us from an airborne castle in the middle of the Beast Glades to Elshire 
Forest, I’m sure you could’ve teleported us a few miles closer…”
“The home of the Diviner Elf that your family is currently taking refuge in is 
surrounded by a fairly large barrier that I did not wish to agitate. Teleporting through 
it might’ve caused a ripple in the barrier, which might give away the location of 
everyone inside.”
“Ah… my apologies then. I’m a little on edge in my current state,” I responded, 
scratching my head.
We had just gone through the waterfall that hid the entrance to Elder Rinia’s home 
when I spoke. “So let me get this straight. Agrona, current head of the Vritra Clan, led 
his race out of Epheotus to Alacrya, where he had been experimenting on the lesser 
races, and declared himself Eternal Ruler?”
“A rather tasteless title to give to oneself but, in essence, yes,” the asura confirmed.
“Then this treaty that you guys talked about earlier; if the Vritra Clan, along with the 
other clans of the Basilisk race, are asuras, shouldn’t they be forbidden to directly act 
in this upcoming war?” I asked, trying to keep track of how many turns we took in this 
maze of a tunnel.
“Yes, but that was never the problem”—Windsom stopped walking and turned back 
towards me—“Arthur, didn’t you ever once wonder why the asura races didn’t just kill 
the Vritra Clan and the clans following them? There are seven other races after all.”
“Of course I have, but didn’t you say something about the consequences that would 
affect the lesser races that were living in Alacrya?”
“I did, but what I had not informed you of was that the treaty was not our first course 
of action. After Agrona and his follower’s escape, the Great Clans, excluding the 
Basilisk race, came together for the first time, regardless of factions, and formed an 
assembly of the leaders of each Great Clan. The leaders decided to send a small 
division with our elite asuras to quickly dispose of Agrona and his followers.” 
Windsom paused for a moment, and even with his stoic expression, it was obvious 
that he was deliberating on whether to express what was on his mind.
The asura eventually let out a small sigh and conjured a small barrier around us. 
“Arthur, what I’m about to disclose to you must stay with you; this information is 
known only by a few members of the Indrath Clan.”
I nodded, locking eyes with Windsom as I waited for him to continue.
“Everyone in Epheotus believe that Lady Sylvia was somehow captured and held 
prisoner somewhere, but it was actually Lady Sylvia who voluntarily went with the 
elite division tasked with killing Agrona Vritra and the clans that followed him.”
“What?” I exclaimed, my voice coming out a lot louder than I had meant it to. “How 
does that make sense? She went on a mission into enemy territory without knowing 
what to expect? That mission was basically suicidal. No way your master, Sylvia’s 
father, would’ve let her go.”
“Of course Lord Indrath didn’t allow her to go,” Windsom growled. “What I’m saying 
is Lady Sylvia concealed herself and followed after the elite division. By the time they 
were aware of Lady Sylvia’s presence, it was already too late to back out.”
There was a long pause before either of us spoke again.
“So what ended up happening to the asuras sent by the leaders of Epheotus?”
“What none of the leaders had expected”— Windsom’s face contorted in disgust as his 
hands formed a fist— “Agrona, that cunning snake, was waiting with an even larger 
army of Basilisks and lesser races that had the same innate magical abilities as them.”
It took only a moment for me to realize what his words implied. “The Vritra Clan was 
interbreeding with the lesser races of Alacrya,” I whispered.
The asura only nodded in return, before continuing. “Apparently, Agrona and his 
followers had been interbreeding for quite some time, seeing that there were well over 
tens of thousands of the mutts waiting for our battalion.”
“So the band of elite asuras you guys sent were outnumbered…”
“Tremendously outnumbered,” he stressed. “And the element of surprise that we 
thought our warriors would have had was rendered moot.”
“What befell them in the end?” I murmured, more so wondering myself than expecting 
an answer.
The asura shook his head in response. “Communication was lost soon after the battle 
started. While we are certain that their side took a considerable loss in numbers, we 
can only speculate that the brigade of our elite asuras, the pride of their respective 
clans and races, were either killed or captured.”
I was silent as thoughts on how Sylvia managed to escape filled my mind.
Windsom’s next words snapped me out of my daze. “Lord Indrath was furious after 
being told by Agrona himself that his only daughter had been killed in battle. If it had 
been up to him, my master would surely have waged war, ignoring the consequences. 
However, the rest of the Great Clans were against it and pushed for a treaty.” Windsom 
turned around and resumed walking again.
“The treaty was eventually formed between the two sides, forbidding the asuras to act 
directly because of the collateral damage it would cause if a full-scale war were to 
occur between the seven asura races of Epheotus and the Vritra Clan’s army of 
basilisks and lesser, half-breed mutts.” There was an obvious spite in his voice, but his 
expression had turned back to normal.
As I began thinking again, I realized how much of a disadvantage Dicathen was in. This 
treaty had been in place since generations ago, and even though it prohibited asuras 
and the half-breeds from directly participating in the battles, who knows how many 
of the so-called ‘lesser races’ of Alacrya had blood of asuras mixed in with theirs.
I wanted to ask why the other asura races didn’t do the same and interbreed with the 
lesser-races, but if it took centuries for the mad genius Agrona to come up with a way 
to interbreed an asura with a lesser race, then the other races probably haven’t found 
a way how. I doubt that, even if they could, most would be against breeding with the 
lower races because of their own morals and pride.
“Wait. So the ancient six artifacts that you guys gave to the people of Dicathen…”
“Yes. It was our way of giving the people of this continent a sword and a shield. We 
knew that the powers and knowledge contained within those artifacts would ignite a 
revolution for your people. We were right, but we only found out through recent 
events that it hadn’t been nearly enough. It is Lord Indrath and the other Great Clans 
leaders’ wish that, with our direct intervention, we can equip the mages of this 
continent with enough strength to defend this continent from Agrona. We fear that if 
Agrona gets access to the inhabitants of this continent, the Vritra Clan will gain enough 
fighting power to overthrow Epheotus.”
“And this is where I come in. A stronger chess piece that the Great Clans can utilize to 
gain the upper hand in the upcoming war,” I sneered, crossing my arms.
“Well, I would think of it more as, us training you to defend your family and homeland,” 
Windsom countered, his lips curling upward ever-so-slightly.
“Meh, I prefer the mutual benefit over questionable acts of altruism anyhow,” I 
shrugged.
“I guess you still don’t trust us completely,” Windsom said, studying me with a curious 
eye before asking, “On a side note, how do you plan on informing your family of our… 
plans?”
“Don’t worry, Windsom. I thought a lot about how I should break it to my parents while 
I was in jail,” I winked, walking past the asura and toward the flickering fire-light 
coming from the end of the tunnel.
As we approached the end of the tunnel, I could see the shadows of a few people 
surrounding a fire. I couldn’t help but smile at the sight of my large warrior of a father 
scrubbing dishes near the underground stream as Elder Rinia, my sister and my 
mother were concentrated on a simmering pot over the fire.
“Something smells delicious! Did you make enough for me?” I yelled out, causing 
everyone to whip their heads in my direction.
Each of them had a different reaction as they realized who it was that spoke. My father 
dropped the dented pan he was scrubbing, my mother and sister simultaneously 
bolted up from the makeshift chair that they were sitting on, while Elder Rinia simply 
gave me a meaningful smile as she continued peeling the potato in her hand. The only 
one that I didn’t see was Tessia, but I wasn’t sure if she was even here or not.
In seconds, I was wrapped in the embrace of my family as my mother and father 
checked my body for any signs of injuries while my sister’s gaze went straight toward 
the sleeping Sylvie in my arms.
“Is Sylvie okay?” She asked, concern laced in her voice as she held my bond in her arms.
“Your brother just escaped from prison and you don’t even ask if I’m okay?” I croaked, 
pretending to be hurt.
“Mm… you always seem to come back alive anyway,” she shrugged, focusing her 
attention back to Sylvie. This caused a snort of laughter from my father as my mother 
did her best to chastise my sister while trying to hide her smile.
I felt a sharp pang in my chest at my sister’s callous words. Where was the sweet child 
that stuck to me like glue and shed tears whenever she couldn’t see me? Is she already 
at the rebellious stage?
It seemed that someone had already informed my family that I would be visiting them 
soon, and going by expressions, I would bet that it was Elder Rinia.
My parents were interrogating me on the full details of what exactly happened, but 
stopped dead in their tracks all of a sudden.
The soft footsteps that echoed through the tunnel stopped behind me, and I took no 
hesitation in introducing the person.
“Everyone, this is the person that helped me through everything while I was 
imprisoned… and also my prospective master.”
I waited for some sort of reaction, but my parents and sister were still silent, frozen in 
place as their eyes were still glued to the figure behind me.
“Ahem, tone it down.” I turned behind me to see Windsom look at me in confusion 
before his eyes widened a bit in understanding.
“My apologies,” he replied, and the air around us changed back to normal. I had gotten 
used to the pressure the asura normally gave off, but to a normal mage, it would be 
suffocating.
My mother and sister fell on her knees while my father stumbled, barely keeping 
himself on his feet.
Elder Rinia, who was a bit farther away, stood up and gave a deep bow toward 
Windsom. I’m not sure if she knew his identity, but she, at least, seemed to understand 
that the unknown person was not someone ordinary.
“Welcome to my humble abode. Please, make yourself comfortable.” The elderly elf 
spoke in a well-mannered, respectful tone that I’ve never heard her use before.
Windsom simply nodded in response, filling the tunnel with silence except for the 
crackling of the fire.
My father was the first to speak. “Firstly, th-thank you for helping my son. I know that 
he can be a handful.”
The asura actually let out a faint smile at this before speaking. “It seems your child has 
caused you many worries.”
“And will continue to do so in the future,” my mother finished as my father helped her 
and my sister back up. “But Arthur, what did you mean by prospective master?”
“Alice, your son just came back from a long journey. There’s plenty of time for this topic 
after he’s gotten something inside his belly,” Rinia scolded, ushering everyone back 
around the fire.
Thankful for the chance to finally eat something, I sat down, impatiently blowing on 
the hot stew to cool it down.
Windsom declined on eating but sat down with us as he idly looked at the fire. Once 
everyone had finished their meal, my father began informing us what had ensued on 
their side.
Virion had apparently taken Tessia and Lilia somewhere else to properly mend their 
injuries. The Helstea family followed him to look after their daughter, which explained 
why only my family was here. Elder Rinia teased that I would be able to reunite with 
her in a few days, which caused everyone to crack a smile.
Eventually, everyone had run out of things to chatter about idly, leaving the cave silent 
once again. I could tell my parents were now expecting my reply to their previous 
question.
Turning my gaze over to Windsom, he stared back at me, expecting the same thing. 
Scratching my head in a motion, that I felt had become a habit during awkward 
circumstances since coming to this world, I spoke up.
“Elder Rinia. Is it alright for me to speak to my parents in private?”
“Of course,” the diviner gave me a warm smile.
“What about me?” My sister chirped, still cradling my bond in her arms.
“Sorry, Ellie.” I shook my head as I headed inside the tent first.
My parents came in after me, looking a bit confused.
“Isn’t your master going to join in?” my father asked, looking back outside before 
closing the flap.
“There is something the two of you need to know of first.” The timbre of my voice and 
expression on my face silenced them from asking any more questions as they sat down 
in front of me.
“Before we begin, there’s something I’ve thought long and hard about telling you guys 
ever since coming to this world.”
There was a lingering silence following my words as my parents tried to process what 
I had just said.
“Coming to this world? What do you mean, Honey? You were born here… I-I don’t 
understand,” my mother replied as she reached out to me. She held my hands tightly, 
as if she was afraid I would wisp away if she didn’t.
My father, on the other hand, stared at me silently, waiting for me to continue. Taking 
a deep breath, I squeezed my mother’s hand and spoke with a comforting smile.
“Of course I was born here, Mom; I’m yours and Dad’s very own flesh and blood. Trust 
me, I remember better than anyone else when I was born,” I chuckled, arousing 
another confused look from my parents.
“I was transported, reborn… I’m not quite sure exactly what, but something happened 
and I was taken from my world and brought into this one.”
“Wai-wait a minute, Son… you’re going to have to back up—”
“Art, what are you talking about? Another world? A-are you okay? Did your master tell 
you this? Where is this coming from?” my mother cut in as she scooted closer, 
examining my head… probably for signs of a concussion.
“No, Mom. My master doesn’t know this; no one but you guys know any of this. I don’t 
know the correct term for this ‘phenomenon’ either. I’ve thought about this for a while 
but my best guess is that it’s something akin to a reincarnation,” I explained.
“Arthur, did something happen to you after they took you away? Did they hurt you in 
some way? Come here, let me try and heal—”
“Honey, the boy is fine. Arthur, go on,” my father encouraged, but my mother persisted.
“No, Rey, our son is not fine. He’s spouting nonsense about another world and 
reincarnation. Art, let me—”
“Alice! Let the boy speak.” My father snapped in a voice I’ve never heard before, 
stunning both my mother and I.
So I explained…
I described the world that I came from, the role that I played there, and the 
relationships that I had with an excruciating amount of details to make sure that they 
knew I couldn’t have made this up.
Throughout it all, my parents stayed silent for the most part. My father would ask 
questions here and there, but his face remained expressionless. My mother, however, 
was obviously shaken up; her face pale, the trembling of her hands increased as my 
story progressed.
I couldn’t tell how much time had passed, but by the fact that I felt mild pangs of 
hunger in my stomach, it seemed like I had been talking for several hours.
“King Grey…” my father mumbled, running his fingers through his hair as he leaned 
back in his chair.
“So the fighting, your talent in magic—”
“Yeah, the ki system in my old world worked similarly to certain aspects of mana in 
this world,” I finished for him. “And as for the fighting… you get the idea.”
“Then ever since you were born, you were able to understand what we were saying? 
You remember everything?” my father asked, letting out a deep sigh.
I simply nodded in response.
“Hehe…” my mother chuckled.
My father and I both turned our gaze to her. To our surprise, my mother started 
laughing. My father wrapped his arm around her, but she just glanced us delusionally.
“I-I get it. This is all a joke, right? Hehe… Oh, my son. Art, you almost got us there, right 
Rey?” she said, smiling. However, neither of us responded and her smile faded, her 
eyes searched for any cues that would confirm her belief. When she couldn’t, she 
grabbed my hand as she stared at me with a look of desperation.
“This is a joke… right? Arthur Leywin, tell me this is a joke. You can’t really be… some 
former king that died and was transported into the mind of my unborn child, right? 
RIGHT?”
“I… don’t know exactly what happened, but I’m not joking,” I replied, unable to look 
her in the eyes.
“No… No, no, no. This… No, this isn’t happening. Rey, don’t tell me you believe all of 
this? Our son is sick; something must’ve happened to him while he was gone — no, 
something definitely happened. Rey, say something! Say that our son is sick!” My 
mother grabbed onto my father’s arm, pulling on his sleeve as tears started rolling 
down her pale face.
“Honey…” Wrapping his arm around her shoulder, my father held my mother close to 
his chest. He looked up at me and motioned me to leave the two of them alone.
I wanted to hug my mother, tell her that I was still her son, but I couldn’t muster up 
the courage to do either. Opening the tent, I walked out without saying anything, 
leaving my parents alone.
Elder Rinia, Windsom and my sister all looked at me as I walked towards them, but 
the look on my face probably stopped them from asking anything. Even my pouting 
sister held her tongue as I sat down next to her and the slumbering Sylvie in front of 
the fire.
Time passed slowly, with my mind feeling like it was trying to swim through a 
particularly viscous syrup.
Was telling them the right decision? What did they think of me now? Did they still 
think of me as their son, or would they inevitably grow distant…
Noises blended together incoherently and everything besides the fire that I was 
staring at grew out of focus. Yet, my head immediately snapped back when the sound 
of the tent flap opening reached me.
My father came out of the tent, suddenly looking a lot older than before. I had expected 
my mother to come out right after, but my father shook his head.
“Ellie, can you stay with your mother inside the tent?” he asked, motioning for me to 
follow him.
“Here you go. Feel better, you poop.” My sister stuck her tongue out as she carefully 
handed me my bond. I couldn’t help but feel a smile tug back on my lips as I watched 
her skip towards the tent.
Placing Sylvie atop my head, I followed my father into the tunnel Windsom and I had 
arrived through. I concentrated on the sounds of our echoing footsteps until my father 
finally decided to speak.
“Your mother… she’s sleeping right now,” he announced with a sigh.
“Is she okay?” I kept a few steps distance from my father, watching as he idly kicked a 
pebble as he walked.
“She was… in quite shock, to say the least.”
“So you guys believe me?”
“Unless you’ve suddenly developed a fond taste for sick gags, you have no reason to lie 
to us about this. Besides, it all makes sense now: the early awakening, your brilliance 
as a fighter and a mage… it all makes sense,” he replied.
“Are you okay?” My eyes stayed glued to the pebble bouncing on the uneven ground.
“Of course I’m not!” my father exclaimed, turning around.
“This isn’t easy news to swallow, Arthur. All of the memories we had as a family in the 
past, was that all a facade of how you thought the son we wanted would’ve been? How 
am I supposed to act around you now? You were once technically older than me, yet 
you’re here now as my thirteen-year-old son!” he continued, looking at me desperately 
for answers. “A-And your mother… your mother nursed you as an infant! She mothered 
a middle-aged man thinking he was her own son!”
I stood silent, unable to reply. Everything he said was true after all. My father’s fists 
were clenched so tightly that blood was dripping between his fingers. His expression 
was ghastly; from the trembling frown on his face to his furrowed brows, his emotions 
were clearly visible on his face. Fear, anxiousness, frustration, and confusion… they 
were all there.
“I’m sorry, but are you really our son, Arthur? Or did you take over the unborn baby 
that would’ve been our son during your reincarnation, or whatever it is that happened 
to you!” He blurted. His eyes widened immediately as he covered his mouth his hand.
“I-I didn’t mean that,” he stammered. Letting out a deep breath, he whispered, “I’m 
sorry, Arthur… I’m just very confused right now.”
“Like I said earlier… the truth is, I really don’t know. I don’t know who or what brought 
me to this world, and why it did. You’re right, Da… Reynolds. I could’ve killed the fetus 
inside… I don’t know how this ‘process’ that brought me here works,” I stated cooly, 
swallowing back something particularly hard in my throat.
He winced when I addressed him as Reynolds and was about to say something, but 
just closed his mouth.
“I didn’t want to keep hiding this from you guys, but now I’m questioning whether I 
made the right choice,” I murmured, letting out a dry laugh.
“This is what I wanted to tell you guys for so long, but never had the courage to. I 
wanted to say this before I left.”
“Left? You’re leaving?” my father responded.
“Yeah, and I think that under the current circumstances, it’ll be good to spend some 
time apart,” I went on, a certain aloof edge filling my voice involuntarily.
“…How long will you be gone?” My father asked.
“At least a few years.”
“That long, huh?” he replied as he stared down, no sign of him stopping me or 
forbidding me to go.
Turning around, my chest was aching and my head was throbbing with an intensity I 
had never experienced before. Humans… no matter how powerful we could 
potentially be, we were still so fragile.
“You know, I never had any memories of family in my old world. Growing up in an 
environment where no one truly loved me, and in turn, being calloused and distant to 
everyone made me an unrivaled fighter, but a crappy person. Ever since coming to this 
world, the two of you, and later Ellie, taught me something I had never known. I may 
not be the strongest fighter or mage in this world, but I’m a hell of a better person now 
than I ever would’ve been in my previous life. I’m sorry for the hurt I caused. Thank 
you for making me a better man… and thank you for loving me as your son.” Still with 
my back facing my father, I headed back to where Windsom was. I simply walked on, 
hearing the muffled sobs of my father as he stayed behind, I struggled to keep my own 
tears in as well.
I got back to the main cave to see Windsom and Rinia discussing something. Elder 
Rinia was holding onto something wrapped in a blanket, and I could’ve sworn that it 
moved, but I chose to ignore it. Windsom had just taken his hand off whatever was 
bundled inside the blanket and noticed me approaching.
“I see you’ve wrapped things up. Are you ready?” Windsom’s glittering eyes studied 
my expression carefully as he got up.
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“Wait, aren’t you going to say goodbye to your family?” Rinia chimed, setting down the 
blanket carefully on her seat.
“No need. I’ve already sorted out everything I needed to here. I leave them in your 
care.” I gave her a curt bow and was about to follow after Windsom when Rinia 
grabbed me. Her eyes glowed with a mysterious hue as I silently waited for her to 
speak when she suddenly placed her hands on my cheeks.
“Arthur, please. Your expression is frightening, it is unbefitting of someone as kind 
hearted as you. I can only begin to understand the gravity of the upcoming battles that 
lay ahead of you, but do not fall back to your old ways. You know best that the deeper 
you go into that pit, the harder it will be to climb back out,” she said as her eyes faded 
back to normal. Slapping my cheeks gently, she turned me around and nudged me 
towards Windsom.
“Now go. I’ll take care of things here,” she said with a soft smile.
Windsom retrieved a disk-like object far too large to fit in his pocket and dropped it 
on the ground. Then, the asura pricked his finger and let a drop of his blood fall on the 
disk. Immediately, it expanded and shot out a column of light that reached the ceiling.
My mind was still on what Rinia had just said when I turned around to Windsom and 
asked, “Was there something wrong with my expression?”
“Your expression reminded me of the Pantheon Asuras of Epheotus. They are a race of 
fine warriors that have learned to close off their emotions in order to fight with the 
most efficiency. A very useful technique indeed,” Windsom nodded in approval. “Now, 
let us go. Are you sure you have tied your loose ends here? I need your full 
concentration once we’re in Epheotus.”
I glanced at the cave one last time before taking a deep breath.
“I’m ready.”
Hugging Sylvie tighter in my arms, I accepted Windsom’s hand as we stepped into the 
column of golden light.
REYNOLDS LEYWIN’S POV:
I hated myself for what had happened. A part of me wished I had told Arthur that it 
was okay… that he was still family.
But a bigger part of me, the part that I hated, wished he would’ve just never told us.
I had known since early on in Arthur’s life that he was different. He had always been 
much more composed and mature for his age, and even when he acted his age, it 
seemed… rehearsed. Since early on, his actions always displayed a certain sense of 
foresight; there was always a reason he did something, a goal or plan of some kind.
Maybe due to that, I was so caught up on his reason for telling us this. Wouldn’t it have 
been better for everyone, even for himself, if he had kept it a secret? What was the 
reason? What was his goal?
Why was it so hard for me to accept this? Was it because it went against my own pride? 
My own selfish pride that maybe, just maybe, I had sired and raised a genius that only 
came once in a millennium?
The signs were always there. His strange behavior from an early age, his unexplainable 
prowess as a swordsman and talents as a mage.
Again… Did I subconsciously choose to ignore all of those signs so I can maintain my 
petty ego? Deciding just to accept the fact that that my own flesh and blood, my… son, 
could be so bloody impressive.
I couldn’t help but laugh at myself at how difficult it was to say ‘son’, such a simple 
term of endearment.
It took me a while to drag my sorry feet back to the cave. Looking around, the only one 
I could see was Elder Rinia, who was cradling something by the fire. I glanced at the 
tent my wife and daughter was in, but for some reason I couldn’t bring myself to go 
inside. Instead, I sat down next to our benefactor.
“He left, you know.” The aged elf’s eyes remained glued to the bundle of blankets she 
was cradling in her arms as she spoke.
“I figured,” I sighed, feeling like a child being scolded.
“I was afraid of the day when he would tell you.”
“Y-you knew, Elder Rinia?” I peeled my eyes off of the fire and turned to the elf seated 
next to me.
“I see many things, but only for that boy do I have to grind my old head to try and piece 
together what is in store for him.” She met my gaze, her eyes dim with weariness.
“Heh, he’s hardly a boy,” I scoffed, leaning forward as I got lost in the flames dancing 
in front of me.
“Bah! He’s still a child to me, much like how you’re still a child as well,” Elder Rinia 
chortled back. Leaning back carefully in her seat, she continued. “I always found it 
amusing… the preconceptions people have about age and intelligence: The older 
someone is, the more wisdom he or she should possess, and the more intelligent 
someone is, the more logical he or she should be. Pair those two traits up, and the 
intelligent senior should be some cold, calculating shrewd… don’t you agree?”
Noticing my puzzled expression, she revealed a soft smile and gently set down the 
bundle she was holding and leaned closer to me.
“Do you see me as a cold, calculating shrewd?” The aged elf gave me a wink.
“No, of course not. But… I don’t get what this has to do with Arthur,” I stammered back, 
caught off guard.
“Weren’t you wishing Arthur would’ve just kept his mouth shut? That you would feel 
better ignorant of who the boy really is? I bet you were also wondering why the boy 
told you in the first place, right?”
Before I had the opportunity to reply, the aged elf poked me softly in the chest… right 
where my heart was.
“The heart remains the brain’s biggest foe. Well actually, for men, the brain’s most 
formidable foe is probably…” Elder Rinia’s gaze dropped below my waist. When I 
realized where she was referring to, my immediate instinct was to cross my legs, but I 
soon found myself laughing alongside the old elf.
Elder Rinia straightened up and continued. “As I was saying, emotion—the heart—
constantly clashes against things like validity, efficiency, utility… anything logical. 
That’s what gets us hurt or even killed, yet, we can’t seem to help it. It makes us lesser 
as an individual, but greater as a group.”
“So… Arthur was running more on emotion than logic when he told us this?”
“Bah! How could I know what he’s thinking?” She shook her head, “I do know this, 
though. I’ve known the boy since he was a mere toddler in this world and he’s come a 
long way since then. Much of that cold shell of his has slowly melted. Perhaps his 
‘coming out’ was a large step he had to take to break out of that shell he once found 
safety and comfort in.”
Elder Rinia got up and stretched painfully before handing me the bundle of sheets she 
had been cradling. “Hold on to this for me so that I can prepare some food for your 
wife. I suspect she won’t have much of an appetite but she still needs to care for her 
body.”
“Thank you, Elder. What is this, anyway?” I bowed slightly before asking.
“Arthur’s master only told me it was a gift for the Leywin family.” There was a 
mysterious grin on her face causing me to be helplessly curious as to what it could be.
After carefully peeling away the layer of blankets, I couldn’t help but gape.
It was a mana beast, an infant mana beast to be more precise. The small bear-like 
creature was dark brown except for two dark spots above its eyes that made the beast 
look like it was scowling and a tuft of white fur on its chest.
“Awww! So cute! Papa, what is it? Can I keep it?” Ellie’s sudden exclamation startled 
me, nearly making me drop the mana beast.
“Honey, you scared me! And, I’m not sure if”—just then, the mana beast woke up and 
locked eyes with my daughter—“it’s a good idea…”
My voice trailed off as both my daughter and the beast’s eyes began glowing a faint 
gold. I sat still, witnessing what I could only assume to be the bonding process. I had 
yet to bond with a mana beast, but both Arthur and Ellie now have.
I sighed to myself, bitterly acknowledging the fact that it would be better for my 
daughter to have a bond to protect her as the image of me riding atop a mighty bear 
mana beast into battle slowly crumbled.
The glow subsided from both their eyes as a gold insignia imprinted itself onto my 
daughter’s right collar bone.
The bear-like mana beast stretched out its arms, as if wanting to be picked up by Ellie, 
and let out a soft whine.
“Hehe! I’ll name you Boo,” my daughter giggled as she picked up the mana beast.
“B-Boo?” I sputtered, imagining the ferocious mana beast it’ll grow up to be being 
called something so cute.
“Yup! Because the black spots make him look like he’s always mad! So, Boo!” she 
declared.
“Let’s go help out Grandma, Boo!” My daughter skipped off, just to stop and turn 
around. “Oh, right! Papa, Mama is awake.”
I immediately got out of my seat and made my way to the tent. Elder Rinia’s tent was 
much larger inside than it appeared to be from the outside. Quietly stepping into our 
room that was separated by another flap, I smiled when I saw my wife sitting up.
“How are you feeling?” I gently asked, taking a seat next to her.
“How long have I been sleeping for?” she groaned, rubbing her temples.
“Only for a few hours.” I put my arm around her and pulled her close so she could rest 
her head on my shoulder.
“W-Where’s Arthur? Is he… gone?”
“Yeah.” I held her tightly as she began trembling.
“Am I a terrible person, Rey?” she sniffed.
“No, you’re not. Why would you ask that?”
“I-I called Arthur sick. I didn’t take him seriously when he told us his secret… I didn’t 
want to take it seriously!” She looked up at me, the corner of her eyes filled with tears.
“That’s normal. I wouldn’t trust anyone who could easily accept what Arthur had told 
us,” I consoled, gently running my fingers through her hair.
“Then am I a terrible person for doubting whether Arthur is our son?”
“…”
I wanted to tell her no, but how could I when I called myself terrible for thinking the 
exact same thing? The pain and hurt I’ve been feeling ever since learning the truth 
about Arthur was from the selfish desires and dreams I placed on the child I called my 
son. Alice was the one who actually birthed Arthur. She went through the stress, 
discomfort and pain of pregnancy for nine months before enduring the agony of labor. 
She nursed him, fed him, took care of him when he was sick and taught him the ways 
of this world. Now, everything she knew about the child turned out to be a lie…
I bit my quivering lip, trying to keep silent.
I needed to be the strong one…
I needed to be the one that my wife could rely on…
“I’m sorry,” my wife suddenly whispered. Her head was still leaning against my 
shoulder so I couldn’t tell what sort of expression she had.
“You did nothing to be sorry about, Honey. We… we just need time to sort out our 
feelings. Arthur knew this, which was why he told us before he had to leave.”
“How long will he be gone for?” she asked. I might’ve been hearing wrong, but my 
wife’s voice sounded somewhat brusque as she asked.
“He said a few years,” I replied, expecting Alice to be surprised. Instead, she gave me a 
slight nod as she muttered, “I see.”
“Alice, what’s wrong?” I pulled my wife an arms length away, trying to get a better look 
at her face. Her eyes were dull, almost lifeless, as she refused to make eye contact with 
me.
“I wonder what our son would’ve been like if Arthur hadn’t taken over?” she mumbled 
looking at the ground.
“A-Alice… please don’t say that. Don’t ask something like that,” I said, my voice coming 
out in a sort of whimper.
“Would he have been courageous and outgoing like you? Or maybe he would’ve been 
a bit more careful and shy like me…” she continued, tears rolling down her cheeks.
“H-Honey, don’t. Just don’t…” Tears began rolling down my face despite doing all I 
could to steady my voice. “Arthur is… Arthur…”
“Arthur is what? Our son?” My wife met my eyes and I could see how desperate she 
was… how lost she was. “If you haven’t noticed, Rey, not once have we referred to 
Arthur as our son since we started talking!”
I specifically remembered opening my mouth, trying to refute, but no argument came 
out; no sound, no words… only silence.
I took a deep breath and wiped the tears off of my wife’s face before speaking. “Just as 
it is for you, It’s hard for me to confidently call Arthur our son. Hopefully, that’ll change 
the next time we see him, but Alice, it doesn’t change the fact that we have considered 
him family for over thirteen years now. We laughed, we fought, we celebrated, we shed 
tears together. Isn’t that what brought us close? Not the blood running through us, not 
who we once were in the past, but what we went through together?”
Embracing my wife tightly, I continued talking. “Remember when Arthur sacrificed his 
life for you in the mountains on our way to Xyrus? He did that expecting to die that 
day. You know very well he wouldn’t have done something like that if he didn’t 
consider you important. So don’t dwell on the ‘what if’s and let’s try to accept what’s 
happening around us.”
I could feel my wife trembling in my arms as she broke down and cried. I now 
remembered where I recognized that dull, lifeless look Alice had in her eyes. It was 
the same look she carried after we thought Arthur had died. It was her trying to escape 
reality.
We sat there for a while in each other’s arms until our tears ran dry and our sobs were 
reduced to soft whimpers.
“Alice, you’re not a horrible person. Believe me, I’ve thought worse than you. But it is 
going to take us time to wrap our heads around this…” My voice trailed off as I held 
my wife’s face and gazed deeply, studying every detail of the woman I loved.
“S-stop staring. I must look disgusting right now,” she croaked, her voice hoarse from 
crying.
“You’re beautiful,” I stated while staring at her puffy red eyes and runny nose.
My wife softly closed her eyes and leaned forward. I pressed my lips gently against 
hers when Ellie’s voice rang just outside the tent.
“Mama! Are you feeling better now? Let me show you Boo!”
“Now now, come play with Grandma. Your parents are… resting, yes resting!” Elder 
Rinia’s voice rang just outside the tent as well.
“Aww, okay. Come on, Boo. Let’s play with Grandma!”
Alice and I locked eyes in what felt like a long time and she finally smiled.
“What is this ‘Boo’ that Ellie is talking about?” my wife asked, raising a brow.
“I’ll tell you later.” Shooting her what I supposed to be a wink with my swollen eyes, I 
wiped another stray tear from her face and resumed where we had left off.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
I wasn’t sure what I was expecting out of a land inhabited by beings that were basically 
considered gods to us. For some reason, in my imagination, grand and fantastical lands 
were always constructed out of gold, diamonds or some other precious material.
In my old world, even the homes of the most influential figures were designed with 
the intention of practicality more than anything else. The most important figures were 
mostly warriors after all, and our tastes were rather simple. Things like furniture 
made from the hides of precious beasts were unnecessary and only sought after by 
the rich merchants and politicians whose sense of self-worth were directly 
proportional to their wealth.
Thus, exiting from the golden column of light and stepping into the realm of asuras 
could only leave me wide-eyed and breathless.
My mood was sour and I was still wallowing in regret over the recent decision I had 
made, but one glance at the land Sylvia and Windsom had come from was all it took 
for me to temporarily forget about my troubles and future hardships I would have to 
endure.
It felt as if I had been transported to a different planet; a planet where it wasn’t the 
inhabitants that had constructed the buildings and manors, but one where the earth 
and land forged itself to be worthy enough to be resided in.
The towering castle in front of us seemed to have been birthed from the earth itself as 
there were neither signs nor indications that it had been shaped or molded. 
Sophisticated designs and runes made from what looked like precious minerals 
covered the walls ofthe castle that stood high enough to be seen from kilometers away. 
The trees bent and tangled together in arches to create a corridor that led to the 
entrance atop a bridge, shimmering in an array of translucent colors.
Peeling my eyes off the castle itself took a great effort, the iridescent bridge was no 
easier, but I was finally able to at least collect myself enough to take in my 
surroundings.
Windsom had transported us on top of a mountain cluttered with trees that reminded 
me of cherry blossoms. The familiar trees were in full bloom, with shimmering pink 
petals that seemed to dance as they floated down to the ground. The vibrant bridge 
that stretched out in front of us led to another mountain of which the castle seemed 
to have been carved from. Evidently, the mountain was pretty high up as the clouds 
covered everything underneath the bridge, with two mountain peaks that stuck out 
like two islands in an ocean of hazy white.
“Welcome to Epheotus, or more specifically, the Indrath Clan’s castle.” Windsom 
walked towards the castle, stepping on the bridge of precious minerals that any mortal 
king would wage wars for, before glancing back and beckoning me to follow.
Taking a deep breath, I trailed behind the asura, carefully placing my right foot on top 
of the incandescent surface of the bridge. The bridge was semi-translucent like stained 
glass… As I stepped on the structure, a deep feeling of fear washed over me, which was 
a surprise since I have never had a fear of heights. It might’ve been due to the fact that 
there were no supports holding up the bridge that easily spanned a couple hundred 
feet.
“Indrath Clan? You mean we’re at the home of Sylvia’s family?” I asked. I had decided 
to trust in the colorful bridge rather than imagine what would happen if it were to 
abruptly break. Walking alongside Windsom, we made our way towards the castle.
“Yes. Lord Indrath had commanded that I bring you and Lady Sylvie to him upon 
arrival,” the asura replied. I found it amusing seeing the usually cool and aloof 
Windsom smoothing out the creases on his robe anxiously.
“Any last tips before meeting this almighty lord of lords?”
“Unfortunately, even I do not know what to expect; this situation is rather peculiar 
after all,” he answered, tidying his hair.
Letting out a sigh, I glanced down at Sylvie sleeping in my arms. I was beginning to 
grow worried by how much she slept, the only thing comforting me being her 
rhythmic breathing.
The doors to the monstrous castle were just as proportionately terrifying. They were 
tall, not just to a thirteen-year-old boy, but tall enough to admit giants and… well… 
dragons.
“There aren’t any guards or watchmen?” I asked, looking around the open doors.
“Of course there are. They were watching us while we were crossing over the bridge. 
Now come, we shouldn’t keep Lord Indrath waiting.”
As I stepped off the bridge and into the castle, the feeling of angst went away, instead 
I was drenched in cold sweat at the realization that it wasn’t the height of the bridge 
that had scared me but whoever, or whatever, had been watching me as we crossed it.
The interior of the castle didn’t disappoint as it was just as magnificently crafted as 
the outside. Ceilings were unnecessarily high with arches that looked to have been 
carved out of the mountain. The walls themselves were adorned with intricate 
detailing, as if they told a story. Yet, considering how large the castle was, it was eerily 
quiet.
“This way. The Indrath Clan is waiting for you.” Windsom seemed to be on edge as he 
kept fixing some part of his attire while we walked.
“Wait, the entire clan is waiting for us?”
“Yes, now please, let us hurry,” the asura sighed, as he went ahead of me into a 
particularly intimidating corridor.
Again, shivers ran down my spine, but this time, I was able to see the source. At the 
end of the corridor, were two figures guarding the door. I wasn’t able to make out much 
of their appearance as they were shrouded in darkness from the shadows cast by the 
corridor’s lights. However, my instincts had already kicked in, desperately trying to 
convince me to run as far away as possible from these two shadowed figures.
I was reminded of the time I was in front of the Elderwood Guardian, however, I had a 
feeling that in front of those guards, the S class mana beast that I almost died to would 
only be cannon fodder.
Windsom and I eventually approached them. Reaching the door, I was now able to 
discern the two guards’ features. One was a female with an amiable expression on her 
face. She looked rather tomboyish with her green hair cut short to just underneath her 
ear, but the distinct curves noticeable below her light leather armor showed 
otherwise. The man next to her looked much fiercer, with sharp eyes and a scar that 
jaggedly cut crossed his cheek. The only visible weapon I noticed on either of them 
was a short dagger strapped to each of their waists.
“Elder Windsom. I see you finally brought the human boy,” the female guard grinned. 
The male guard stared at Sylvie and looked up at me in a studying gaze. “Is it 
appropriate for a human child to be carrying the Princess?” he asked disapprovingly.
“Let it be, Signiz. They are bonded,” Windsom dismissed. “Now… are you guys going to 
let us in or not?”
The two guards looked at each other briefly before giving Windsom a brief nod. As the 
two of them faced the door, the aura they emitted increased significantly, enough for 
it to be nearly palpable. Only a few seconds had passed but beads of cold sweat rolled 
down my face as my breathing became shallow and jagged.
The two guards each held onto one of the door handles and pulled it open. I could only 
imagine how heavy it was since the two guards were struggling to pry it apart. Finally, 
with a loud clack, the towering door slid open, revealing what I assumed to be the 
Great Hall… and staring right at me, seated on a blazing white throne, was a man who 
looked to be no older than twenty.
Windsom immediately stepped past me into the room and kneeled.
“My Lord,” the asura addressed, bowing his head. Lord Indrath wasn’t what I had 
expected him to be like in the least. He had a cool, almost mellow feel to him, sporting 
a silvery cream-colored hair that was neither long nor short. He would be considered 
an attractive man by any means, but he wasn’t exceptionally stunning either. I couldn’t 
really tell what his build was underneath his white robe but he didn’t look particularly 
robust. His eyes reminded me too much of Sylvia for my comfort, but while Sylvia’s 
eyes were still compassionate, his were hard. Lord Indrath’s eyes were purple as well, 
but even from here, I could see the colors change shades.
Realizing that I had been staring for far too long, I followed suit and kneeled as well. 
While my head was down, though, I couldn’t help but peek around the room. Standing 
to the side of the great hall were figures of all ages and sizes staring at me, some 
disdainful like the prior male guard, while others with simple curiosity.
Each of the figures that were standing around Windsom and I emanated auras that 
would make even the most powerful mages in Dicathen faint and froth in the mouth, 
yet, the man seated on the throne that burned in a shimmering white fire emitted 
none. Even after trying to consciously sense him, I couldn’t even feel his presence. 
Even with the fact that I was able to see him, I had trouble believing he actually existed 
if my eyes weren’t directly focused on him.
“Stand.” His voice soft and silvery, yet sharp like a knife in a way that it was both gentle 
and imposing. Rising to our feet, we walked towards the throne, with Sylvie still in my 
arms. I could feel the eyes of everyone following me, judging my every movement. I 
was reminded of when I was still an orphan fetching groceries for our house at a 
nearby market. It felt much like how the adults looked at me then, the glares and 
blatant disgust as if I was some sort of disease that they needed to avoid.
Seconds slowly ticked by as we waited for the man on the throne to speak, yet he only 
stared wordlessly at me and Sylvie with an expression I couldn’t interpret. Without 
warning, my stomach and left arm started burning furiously. I hurriedly pulled up my 
sleeve and removed Silvia’s silky feather to see that the insignia glowing hotly. I hadn’t 
removed my clothes but from the dimmed glow underneath my shirt, it was easy to 
guess that my sternum was also glowing.
The asura, seated atop the throne, let out a sigh and gave a dismissive nod in a way 
that gestured reluctant resignation.
My eyes hadn’t left Lord Indrath as he had been studying me so when I felt Sylvie in 
my arms suddenly disappear and reappear in his arms, my immediate reaction was a 
clumsy and baffled astonishment.
“What the?!” I spouted. I reflexively tried to reach out for my bond until Windsom 
placed his hand on my shoulder.
“What. Am I not allowed to hold my own granddaughter?” Lord Indrath retorted, 
holding Sylvie in one hand. Lifting her up so he was eye-level, Lord Indrath turned her 
around while inspecting every angle of my sleeping bond.
“I see you have done nothing to train her. Her mana levels are insultingly low, and by 
how she’s in a hibernating state right now, it seemed that you had strained her.” Lord 
Indrath’s eyes narrowed and pierced through me, only my pride keeping me from 
taking a step back.
“My apologies, My Lord. I should have trained Lady Sylvie while I was in Dicathen. If it 
is to your liking, I can start her training now as well.” To my surprise, Windsom had 
defended me, bowing once again in front of the creamy-haired man on the throne.
“No need. I will personally look after… Sylvie,” Lord Indrath dismissed, shaking his 
head. With that, a wave of surprised gasps and soft murmurs filled the great hall as 
the other members of the Indrath Clan whispered to one another excitedly.
Placing a finger gently between Sylvie’s eyes, Lord Indrath mouthed something 
inaudibly. His eyes glowed, and suddenly Sylvie jolted awake, her eyes glimmering in 
the same shade of purple as her grandfather’s.
“Kyu?” ‘Papa? Where am I?’
The nostalgic voice that I hadn’t heard in days filled my head. Sylvie was obviously 
confused by the unfamiliar scene and by the fact that a man she had never seen was 
holding her so intimately.
‘We’ve come a bit far away, Sylv. How are you feeling?’ I transmitted back, a smile 
forming on my face.
‘Sleepy~ Can I go back to sleep, Papa?’ I could see Sylvie’s eyes struggling to stay open 
as she blinked wearily before fully closing.
“Lord Indrath. Win… Elder Windsom had already explained to me what is needed of 
me, but he has yet to fill me in on why exactly I was to be brought here. If it is simply 
for training purposes, isn’t some remote dungeon in Dicathen a suitable place?” I 
asked, impatiently waiting for him to hand me back my bond.
“I have deemed you a necessary piece that will help us against Agrona and his army. I 
take it that you have already understood the mutual benefit in winning the 
approaching war, yes? Having said that, it will be the most beneficial to have several 
specialists to help Windsom in training you during your stay here. Think of it as an 
honor since only the most talented of the younger generations would get the training 
that you will get.”
“How will you know when the war will be approaching? How much time do we even 
have?” There were way too many uncertainties for me to be able to comfortably train.
“That is for me to worry about. Focus on your training and I will notify Windsom when 
it is time for you to go back to your homeland. That is all,” Lord Indrath replied, 
signaling to Windsom to take me away.
“Wait, what about Sylvie?”
“She will stay with me until her training is over,” he said matter-of-factly.
“What? How long will that take? I won’t be able to see her until then?”
Lord Indrath’s brow twitched impatiently as he simply shooed us away with his hand. 
Before I could respond, Windsom squeezed my arm tightly, dragging me out of the 
great hall.
After passing the two guards I angrily shook my hand out of Windsom’s grasp. “What 
was even the point of that meeting? I went in there to have Sylvie snatched away and 
be looked down on by all of the Indrath Clan? That was humiliating!”
Letting out a sigh, Windsom replied, “The relationship between you and the asuras is 
very peculiar and could only be summed up as… let’s say… a grudging tolerance. The 
very fact that we have no choice but to rely on a lesser being is a wound on our pride. 
Do not worry, both you and Lady Sylvie will not be mistreated. Like Lord Indrath had 
mentioned, you are important to us.”
“I’m pretty sure he said ‘necessary piece’,” I scoffed, stepping back onto the bridge we 
previously crossed.
Windsom’s lips curled into a faint smile. “Come, there are some people I want you to 
meet.”
“No! I said left foot out at a forty-degree angle. Your center of gravity should be aligned 
with your right heel since that is your pivot foot, do you understand, stray?” The 
instructor had just cracked his whip to get me in proper position as he went around 
the class.
Gritting my teeth, I silently obeyed, adjusting my left foot to comply with my 
instructor’s imperfect technique. If I hadn’t, it would only mean a delay in whatever 
scraps of dinner we were given since we weren’t to be fed until everyone had perfectly 
gone through the stances and forms from the day’s lessons.
Days at this “institution” had consisted of eight hours of combat training, of which I 
found somewhat flawed, then meditation to nurture our ki centers for around ten 
hours after. The remaining six hours were split amongst the daily necessities of eating, 
washing and sleeping. Students whose centers had developed enough to learn ki 
techniques were separated from the rest of the group and placed into specialty classes 
depending on their aptitudes.
Those that were not able to awaken their ki centers were to be “relocated”, of which I 
had later realised that it really meant ‘to be disposed of’. For me, I had followed the 
instructor’s training regimen to the bone for the allotted eight hours. During the time 
given for meditation, I would sleep for the remaining two hours after actually only 
meditating for the first eight, using the actual time we were given to sleep to unlearn 
all of the garbage that the instructors had regarded as martial arts and train in my own 
techniques.
The only useful information that the instructors had taught us were the vital spots of 
a human body; the weak points to target for certain death. Their techniques were a 
brutish, senseless way of trying inflict damage to those areas regardless of how the 
opponent might react. They taught in a way where, as long as one follows the proper 
steps, the user will be able to reach their target and inflict pain onto them. Like I said… 
senseless.
I hid the fact that my ki center had been cultivated enough to learn ki techniques for 
as long as possible since I knew that once I had advanced to the higher level classes, it 
would give me less time to train on my own. My one stroke of luck at that time, I admit, 
had been stumbling upon a ki technique book for hiding the user’s presence. I 
absorbed the words in that book like it was fresh water in a barren desert. The 
technique manual was a low grade one, but I had practiced the technique to such a 
degree that it provided me with the ability to sneak into the private library where they 
held all of the ki techniques.
Thinking back on it now, I probably wasn’t that tall in my previous life due to the fact 
that I had only slept for eight to ten hours a week because of how much time I had 
spent reading and practicing the techniques. I knew it would’ve been useless for me 
to try and learn all of the techniques, so I had narrowed it down and studied only the 
ki arts that would most benefit me in the long run.
I’d realized, while the library had been secured, it wasn’t really heavily guarded; the 
reason being that, even if a student were to have trespassed inside, they wouldn’t have 
been able to figure out on their own how to learn those techniques. Much like the 
manual I had stumbled upon for hiding the user’s presence, the other ki technique 
manuals had been filled with terms and jargon that no orphaned child or teenager 
would’ve known anyway.
That means, all I had to go off on were the crudely drawn pictures that showed the 
necessary steps in learning and using the ki art.
It didn’t strike me then, but reflecting back on it now, it would’ve been easy to discern 
that I was nothing short of a prodigy. Just by studying the pictures of the man (I’ll name 
the man Joe.) demonstrating the steps for the ki art, I was able to grasp how the ki was 
supposed to flow inside my body to properly execute the technique.
The first ki art I had learned after breaking into the library was a series of ki enhanced 
footwork techniques that I had practiced to the point where you could almost see the 
bones on the soles of my feet. The technique looked like a tap dance sequence without 
proper ki flow, but once I had managed to input the proper flow of ki into the 
appropriate appendages at the appropriate time, I was able to evade, reposition, sneak 
behind, basically teleport within a limited range.
I still remember using that very ki art, the technique I mastered and fine-tuned to 
pseudo-perfection, to defeat the same instructor that had whipped me so many times 
for no apparent reason other than to satisfy his sadistic tendencies.
The look on his face when I had my wooden sword pressed against his sweating neck, 
I can still vividly recall. His wide, astonished eyes shaking as his mouth hung agape 
trying to string together words to form a petty and convenient excuse that would allow 
him to save some face.
Even as I was on the road to become King, the foot technique that I had mastered and 
made my own left me with nicknames like Untouchable, GodSpeed, Mirage, etc.
However, upon arriving into this world, there was little use for such movements once 
my mana core had advanced enough. I was hardly within range to use the moves that 
I had once relied so heavily on and it seemed so much simpler to just conjure a wall to 
block whatever projectiles hurled towards me. With mana being so abundant and all, 
I had never needed to regulate and control my mana output.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Present ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
It’s amusing how the human brain recalls moments of the past. All the memories that 
the person wishes to forget is somehow ingrained even deeper into the hippocampus.
This seemingly ancient memory of my previous childhood had been suddenly evoked 
as my life flashed before my eyes; at the same time a simple low sweep from my 
opponent’s kick shattered both of my legs simultaneously. As I collapsed onto the 
ground, I failed to dodge another sharp jab that dislocated my right shoulder. I was all 
but defenseless as I shifted glanced between the man who had overwhelmed me to 
such an enormous degree and my severed left arm that he had in his hand.
Windsom had told me that the pain felt in this domain was greatly diminished. If that 
was truly the case, how much more agonizing would these wounds be if it had actually 
happened to me?
The one responsible for my current mortal injuries approached me with a mixed 
expression, giving me a terse nod as he snapped his fingers. “Enough,” he announced 
as the world faded into black. And, like that, I was awake again with all of my limbs 
attached and unbroken.
I immediately crumpled to all fours and hurled the remainder of my last meal as I 
heaved for breath. My vomit immediately dissipated in the small sapphire pond I had 
been meditating in. I wasn’t sure if I was wet because of the magical liquid that I was 
surrounded in or the profuse amount of sweat and grime that I had discharged from 
the stress.
“No, let me continue,” I managed to choke out in between gasps.
“The human boy has admirable willpower. How much time has passed, Windsom?” the 
same deep and controlled voice came from the one that had broken most of the 206
bones in my body, asking calmly.
“About five minutes have passed out here,” Windsom said tersely.
“So roughly an hour has passed for us in there.” The lean man with a shaved head 
remarked in a way that was neither disappointed nor proud, just matter-of-factly. I 
regarded the two asuras’ conversation with a weary curiosity while wiping vomit off 
of my lips.
“Again,” I demanded desperately, sitting back up in the meditative posture, that 
Windsom had taught me, in the middle of this sacred pool.
The asura with the shaved head nodded approvingly and sat down facing me in the 
exact same position as I was in and traded glances with Windsom, signaling for him to 
start.
Once again, the glowing sapphire liquid rose up around us and enveloped the asura 
and myself. I was soon engulfed in the familiar scorching sensation that had 
overwhelmed me the last few dozen times we did this, and again, my vision had 
darkened as I waited anxiously for the both of us to reappear in the hell that is the 
mental training facility where I had just been dismembered.
My thoughts slowly trailed back a few hours before all of this, when we had just left 
the Indrath Clan’s castle.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Upset would be a mild way of describing my state of mind after Lord Indrath had 
decided that I wasn’t fit to see or even communicate with my own bond during the 
period of our stay. He made it explicitly clear that my presence would hinder the 
progress of Sylvie’s recovery and training.
It was on odd feeling being separated so entirely from Sylvie. Usually, even when my 
bond was sleeping, I would still feel her presence. Suddenly having that yanked away 
again, just like that time in the Widow’s Crypt dungeon, made me feel empty, almost 
as if a limb had been pulled off.
“Come, there are some people I want you to meet,” the asura paused and then went 
on. “Well, just one person specifically, for now.”
Even after crossing the bridge, Windsom did little to explain the location of our 
training grounds, keeping mostly silent as we scaled down the steep mountain. As we 
climbed down, the atmosphere drastically changed. Color was lost as we were 
surrounded by a dreary canvas of grey stones and rotten wood. The sea of clouds that 
seemed so far down was now just above us, and it seemed that the layer of haze was 
the border between heaven and what felt like purgatory.
We must’ve intentionally trekked down the steepest side of the mountain since we 
were vertically climbing down most of the time. Windsom had vaguely explained to 
me how the use of mana arts to venture down was forbidden; something to do with 
tradition and being worthy. Because of this tradition, the journey that would have 
taken us minutes elongated into hours.
“We’re here,” Windsom announced evenly with no sign of fatigue inside this zone of 
increased pressure and low air density. He was staring intently at a dead root that 
jutted out of the crevice between two stones.
“We’re going to train here?” I muttered in between breaths, staring at the insignificant 
root that Windsom seemed so fixated on.
“Hold on to my hand,” he replied, ignoring my question as he reached out towards me.
As soon as I had a grip on his hand, the asura yanked me towards him, swinging me 
towards where the root was stuck. Before I even had the time to yell out in surprise, 
however, the scene changed and I was in some sort of small cave, the same cave that I 
was in now.
Windsom appeared behind me shortly after, and took the lead, heading towards the 
glowing pool that I had been indiscreetly staring at.
“It’s good to see you again, Kordri,” Windsom suddenly greeted to no one in particular.
“It is nice seeing you as well, Elder Windsom. And you must be the human, Arthur 
Leywin, correct?” Just then, a figure that I could’ve sworn was not there before 
suddenly appeared right in front of us. It was the same shaven and lean asura that had 
been sitting in front of me throughout the training.
This man was by no means distinguishable or remarkable in any way. He reminded 
me of a monk; someone who had chosen to let go of worldly matters, except he wasn’t 
dressed in a robe but a light, tight-fitting tunic. The only unique features he had were 
his four hazel eyes, but even that fact seemed to be somehow plain. Every one of his 
four eyes exuded a calm wisdom that differed from Lord Indrath’s silently terrifying 
gaze.
“Yes, nice to meet you,” I replied after quickly regaining my composure.
“Arthur, this is my close friend, Kordri. He is of the Thyestes Clan of the Pantheon asura 
race just like Aldir, who you met back at the floating castle in Dicathen,” Windsom 
introduced. He had taught me about the eight asura races and the affiliated Great 
Clans. The Pantheon race was the only race of asura that was versed in what I coined 
as force-type mana art.
The Basilisk race, the race that the Vritra clan was from, was the only race that was 
capable of decay-type mana art. The remaining six asura races, including the Dragon 
race that Lord Indrath, Sylvia, and Windsom are a part of, hold distinct creation-type 
mana art.
While the Dragon race are feared for the aether mana art that is so unique and 
mysterious, it is still considered creation-type. Of course the asuras’ terms for 
creation, neutral, and decay type mana arts differ for each race but I just standardized 
it for my own ease.
There was no time for us to go over the special qualities each race held since that was 
when we had arrived at Elder Rinia’s home, but I had a feeling I would be learning it 
later on.
“Has Lord Indrath truly granted you the aether orb?” Kordri’s even voice snapped me 
out of my train of thought as he peered anxiously at Windsom.
“Yes, it is right here.” Windsom then took out a spherical object the size of his palm, 
revealing it to Kordri.
“Lord Indrath is truly investing much into this human,” he sighed, admiring the orb.
Windsom looked back to meet my eyes, giving me an “I told you so” gaze before 
turning back.
“Arthur, come and sit here with us. I’ll explain to you how your training will begin.” 
Kordri motioned for me with his hand as he sat down.
“Windsom speculated that it would be best for your training to start with me instead 
of of him because of a few reasons. First, your body and mana core are not nearly 
strong enough to handle the sort of training that even young asuras are capable of. If 
resources were not readily available at our disposal, it would take you at least a few 
decades in order for you to physically absorb anything taught by us.” The asura named 
Kordri looked at the orb in Windsom’s hand before continuing. “Fortunately, we have 
the aether orb.”
“What exactly is this aether orb?” I knew he was expecting me to ask this.
“Arthur, you may not know this, but the Dragon race is regarded as the asura race 
deemed closest to being gods. Yes, actual gods. The reason being that we hold the 
ability to manipulate aether. Aether is a material, that flows throughout the entire 
universe. As you know from receiving Lady Sylvia’s will, aether contains the power to 
manipulate even time and space itself, aptly shown in your recent experience with 
Lord Indrath. Much of the possibilities of aether remain incomprehensible to even the 
Indrath Clan, but one artifact that has remained in our possession since the beginning 
of our clan’s history is the aether orb. The aether orb is a treasure that had allowed 
our clan to gain glimpses of the power that aether holds. One being the ability to 
separate the body from the soul.” Windsom regarded the orb with an almost reverence 
as he tenderly held onto it.
“The orb also has the power to manipulate time. With these two abilities that the 
aether orb has, The efficiency of your training would be at a rate that should have be 
impossible otherwise. Because of the close relationship between the Thyestes Clan 
and Indrath Clan, Lord Indrath had at one point gifted us with the temporary usage of 
this treasure,” Kordri continued for Windsom.
“Remember me telling you that Lord Indrath has placed a significant amount of 
resources into making sure you will be ready for the upcoming battles? Along with the 
orb, Lord Indrath has allowed us the use of his exclusive training grounds. The aether-
rich liquid inside that pond will help accelerate your training and heal wounds that 
you will incur throughout this process. Kordri here is a talented and highly respected 
teacher in the Thyestes Clan. He will be responsible for the initial part of your 
coaching.” Windsom gave Kordri a stern nod as the two of them stood back up.
“So what exactly will we be doing first?” I asked, almost timidly.
Windsom replied, his voice sounding almost devious.“You will be fighting against 
Kordri in your soul state, and you will be dying… Over and over again.”
“Trust in your body, Arthur. As long as you are able, your body will be the only thing 
that will not fail you.” As Kordri’s words rang softly in my ears, a piercing pain had 
forced my eyes open as I looked down to see Kordri’s hand jutted out of my chest, 
unbloodied.
“Dammit.” As the word left my tongue, the all too familiar sensation of being sucked 
out of the soul realm, once again, overwhelmed me.
As soon as I awoke back in the cave, my hands shot to my chest, prodding for a hole 
that wasn’t there.
I fell to my back in the shallow pool. “How long this time, Windsom?”
“Two minutes,” he replied. “Arthur, the more you are forced out of the soul realm, the 
more time is wasted in your training. Even if an hour out here equates to about roughly 
twelve in there, it will not be enough if you are expelled every few minutes.”
“Don’t blame me, blame your friend that is killing me once every those few minutes,” 
I groaned. It was impossible to get used to the sensation of dying. Even if my physical 
body wasn’t getting injured, the trauma-inducing stress on my mind would be enough 
to make even veteran fighters go insane.
I’m not exactly sure what the two asuras were thinking, putting a teen through this 
sort of nightmarish training.
“I am doing only what you are able to handle,” Kordri responded, almost as if reading 
my mind. “The child is resilient, though. It makes me curious why that is. Even young 
asuras who don’t die nearly as often as you do have a hard time coping with the stress.”
If I had to guess, it was probably due to the fact that my mental strength was a 
combination of two lives, but even with that, this training was beginning to take a toll 
on me.
Windsom nodded in acknowledgment. “Even I grew worried at first by the number of 
times Arthur had been expelled from the soul realm due to deaths.”
“Well, time to get training again. Are you ready, Kordri?” I gave my body one last stretch 
before sitting back up.
Letting out an amused chuckle, he gave me a nod. “I will always be ready, Greenhorn.”
“Remember, Arthur, while you are training in the soul realm, your physical body will 
also be refining your mana core. The longer you are able to last in the soul realm, the 
faster your cultivation will go. Don’t overexert yourself; it has only been a week into 
your training. We still have some leeway, but not if you take on more than you can 
handle,” Windsom cautioned as he activated the Aether Orb.
Kordri and I were, once again, in the same grassy field that expanded endlessly into 
the horizon. It’s been eight days since I had started this tortu—training. Since one hour 
outside equates to twelve in here, that means a full twenty-four hours out there 
translates to twelve days in here. Even counting the time spent out in the physical 
realm eating, sleeping and resting after dying too many times in the soul realm, I have 
spent over a few months in this grassland training with the even-tempered and patient 
monk, Kordri.
“I can tell you are well-versed in physical combat, Arthur, but you have become overly 
reliant on the usage of mana arts, or what you lesser races call magic. By my guess, 
you are much more accustomed to shorter battles and duels. Proper conservation and 
distribution of mana was never a priority, right?” Kordri speculated.
“More or less. I’m only thirteen, remember?” I countered innocently.
“Sure.” The asura shrugged, shooting me a look that told me he didn’t buy it. “You are 
only human, meaning you are bound by the limitations that follow. You are a long way 
from reaching white-core stage let alone the integration stage. Because of that, my job 
is to train your body. After all, the less mana you expend on protecting yourself, the 
more leeway you have in other areas of use. Now let us begin, I’ve wasted enough time 
with my rambling.”
“Yes sir,” I answered, getting into a defensive stance. Kordri’s figure vanished and 
reappeared arms length in front of me.
The first time I had come to the soul realm for training, I was killed in the first blow, 
unable to even react. Even when I wasn’t killed, I jolted awake at the slightest blow 
because my soul wasn’t used to taking on injuries. The second, third, fourth, all the 
way up to the twenty-eighth time, I had been thrown out of the soul realm in the first 
hit. But on the twenty-ninth time, I was able to dodge, just barely… well… enough to 
persist until the second hit. Residing and training in the soul realm was difficult, to say 
the least. Only after a few weeks of dying in the soul realm was I able to last long 
enough to actually call it training.
Kordri followed up his left jab to my neck with a right elbow to my sternum. It was 
only when we fought that I was reminded of how terrifying Kordri was. His meek 
temperament disappeared, replaced by a cold, ruthless warrior capable of killing me 
over a hundred times in the span of a few seconds.
The asura’s limbs seemingly vanished due to the high speed in which they were 
moving. The only reason I was able to dodge was because Kordri’s attack pattern was 
always the same. Of course this was done on purpose; the asura had explicitly told me 
the choreography of his strikes, never once deviating from that since the beginning of 
our training. It was pathetic that I was barely able to dodge an attack that I already 
knew was coming, but that was the difference between us.
Beads of sweat flew off my face and body as I was scantily able to keep up with Kordri’s 
onslaught. Seconds melded together increasingly slower to form minutes as my sense 
of time dulled. Desperation was evident as I progressively made more mistakes the 
longer we fought. I had yet to land a single blow on him since the beginning of the 
training. In the months I spent fighting Kordri, all my strikes had met with thin air.
“Good! you are keeping up longer than usual. Do not get sloppy, Arthur. Remain patient 
and bide for time if you do not see an opening,” the asura shouted as he simultaneously 
continued striking and easily dodging all of my feeble attempts to land a hit.
I made a blunder at that moment. Kordri’s sequence of attacks were strategically 
placed so that if I didn’t dodge it by just a hair’s breadth, I wouldn’t be able to avoid 
the next attack.
While I did dodge his spinning elbow, my movement had been too large. I was instantly 
met with a low sweep that I couldn't avoid due to leaning too far back to dodge his 
previous blow.
I chose to give up my left foot in response, knowing I wouldn’t be able to completely 
dodge the sweep. As expected, the crunching blow shattered my left ankle but I 
continued dodging.
Even in here, where I knew it wasn’t real, I didn’t want to die.
“Sloppy, but nice follow up. Do not grow desperate and stay levelheaded,” he repeated, 
executing his next blow.
Even with my broken ankle, I was able to somehow dodge more of Kordri’s restrained 
attacks until he did something he hadn’t done before.
I was expecting a forward knee to my stomach like he had always done after a right 
strike, but instead, he shifted his body to perform a roundhouse kick.
I wasn’t able to dodge his left leg but I was able to keep myself from dying instantly. 
Instead of his kick snapping my neck, it had connected squarely with my jaw.
The world tumbled around me as I felt myself skipping like a flat rock on a lake’s 
surface before tumbling to a painful stop on a bed of particularly tall grass.
I wasn’t able to talk due to the bottom half of my face being completely mutilated and 
it took most of my mental capacity to suppress the excruciating pain, but that didn’t 
stop me from good-naturedly extending a middle finger at my mentor.
Responding with a smirk, he helped me up. “You managed to not get yourself killed,” 
he said, seemingly impressed. “Rest until your soul state is healed.”
Even as he said this, I could already feel my body, or my soul state, recovering. The 
broken fragments of my bones fused together as torn muscle fibers, tendons, and 
ligaments reattached themselves. While people who haven’t experienced such a 
sensation might think that the act of healing so fast would be comforting or soothing, 
it was actually just as painful, if not more, than the injury caused.
I kept telling myself that experiencing agony like this will be useful later on, hoping it 
would get me through this torture every time we trained, but I was on the verge of 
breaking.
It had barely been over a week, yet, because of the time distortion in this world, to me, 
months have passed. My progress as a mage had always been unrivaled, so training 
here like this, where my biggest achievement in these past few months had been 
staying alive for longer than five minutes against someone purposely restraining 
himself, I couldn’t help but become frustrated and impatient.
“We should take a break from combat training for a while.” Kordri’s sudden statement 
took me by surprise. Seeing as he specialized in hand-to-hand combat, I wasn’t sure 
what else he would be teaching me.
“What do you mean? Am I not learning fast enough?”
“No, it’s not that. Actually, your ability to grasp and comprehend is frightening, 
coupled with your stubbornness, it is no wonder that your potential as a mage is 
beyond anyone else’s. However, because of that stubbornness of yours, I’m afraid you 
are going to unwittingly break down if we keep going at the current pace,” my trainer 
answered as he sat down.
“Break? I thought the realm inside the Aether Orb wouldn’t allow me to die? And 
besides, with the regeneration speed of my soul state, as long as you don’t kill me 
instantly, I should be okay, right?”
The four-eyed asura lifted his gaze and regarded me sternly. “I’m not talking about 
damaging your body, Arthur. I’m talking about injuring you here,” he said, tapping his 
head.
“So hurting me psychologically?” Perhaps it was the same stubbornness that Kordri 
had just talked about or a layer of pride that had made me ignorant of this possibility, 
but I couldn’t bring myself to agree with him.
“Arthur. You are constantly experiencing death while training here with me on a daily 
basis. More so than that, death has no longer become the endpoint but the precursor 
for a level of pain that even asuras can find daunting.” Kordri got up from the ground 
as he explained. “Even if it won’t damage your body, that kind of trauma will start to 
get in the way of producing the sort of fighter I am trying to train you to become. When 
we’re talking about this level of pain, too much of it and your body will instinctively 
try to save itself, regardless of whether you want it to or not. Just enough pain, and it 
will be your most reliable sword and shield.”
I thought about my trainer’s words for a moment and understood where he was 
coming from. However, I thought of myself as an exception, having lived through two 
lives. Call it arrogant, but I felt like I could take it. “Honestly, Kordri, I’m fine, we don’t 
n—”
I didn’t even have time to consciously process what had happened. One moment, we 
were talking, the next moment, an overwhelming sense of dread crashed down on me 
like a tsunami. The next thing I knew, I was several meters away from the asura with 
Dawn's Ballad, my sword, held tightly in my grasp. My eyes focused back on Kordri, 
only to see the asura with a flower in his hand.
He didn’t say anything… he didn’t need to.
Just as I let my guard down, Kordri’s figure flickered and vanished, and without even 
a trace of presence or intent, a searing pain made me look down.
My mentor’s hand had, once again, pierced straight through my chest. As I tried to pull 
myself away from him, I fell down.
The asura withdrew his hand and kneeled down to be level with me. Giving me a gentle 
smile, he continued, “Even the gods may not know what sort of life you had truly led, 
but it is because of your past experiences that this could happen. You trust too deeply 
in your instinct, Arthur, and while it is a useful tool, it should not be relied on 
wholeheartedly. Small steps, Arthur. You have much to be taught, but much to unlearn 
as well.”
As he ruffled my hair, I thought again of the time I was in the institution during my 
past life as an orphan; the times I had to teach myself from little useful information 
and tools I could gather. I realized that, for the first time in both lives, I have finally 
gained an actual mentor. A mentor wise and powerful enough that I can, even with my 
unique past and monstrous potential, be a student hungry to learn.
“Do you understand, Arthur?” Kordri asked as he got up and extended his hand.
“You bet.” I accepted his hand and pulled myself back to my feet. My body still 
trembled, but whether it was from the lethal wound in my chest, the excitement of my 
future prospects or the anticipation from being under skilled mentors; I had a feeling 
it was a mixture of all three…
He was a monster… a true predator.
That was the only thing that came to mind when he released the shackles he put on 
himself for my safety; when he released that petrifying pressure.
The paralyzing fear slowly spread through my body like a snake’s deadly venom. I
clenched my sweaty hands, tightening the hold on my sword. The soft blades of grass 
rippled, swaying leisurely because of my trembling feet. The muscles in my legs 
continuously twitched, fighting the impulse to whirl around and sprint away. Salty 
blood filled my mouth as I bit down on my bottom lip. Holding my blade up, I 
approached the thickening aura emitting from my teacher.
A burning fire in the form of sweat stung my azure eyes, but I dared not to blink. Slowly, 
painfully, my brain sent signals, picking up my feet, and moving them in a cautious, 
but steady gait as I walked into the manifestation of fear itself.
“I’m coming, Arthur. Prepare yourself!” the voice rang clearly within the cloud of 
menacing air.
I forced my tightened jaw to relax and let out a barbaric roar despite already lacking 
the air to breathe, dispelling some of the chilling fear gripping my insides. “Damn it 
all!”
The teal blade in my hands dulled as I drew near Kordri, as if even my sword was 
afraid. But I kept walking, each step feeling as if I was trying to wade across a pool of 
undried cement.
Finally within range of my blade, I cleaved down, hoping to end this in one strike. Of 
course, it didn’t. Kordri parried Dawn’s Ballad like it was a foam stick, creating an arc 
with his blade as well. Just as my sword was about to hit the ground, I used the 
momentum to spin myself, whirling my blade back around at Kordri’s knees.
Another failed attempt.
Kordri’s short sword easily blocked mine, stopping it just short of his leg. Knocking 
Dawn’s Ballad away, my teacher threw a swift kick at my face. I could hear the sharp 
whistle of air as I dodged in time to bring my sword back up to an upward swipe.
Kordri turned his face to the side so my blade whizzed harmlessly by his ear.
“Your movements are getting better, even with my aura’s suppression,” my instructor 
commended. I knew he was just complimenting me, but seeing him have the leisure 
to talk while dodging came off as annoyingly smug.
It was becoming harder to breathe as I realized I was almost at my limit. One more 
desperate lunge toward Kordri was all I could manage before Dawn’s Ballad fell to the 
ground, my hands unable to hold onto it any longer. I fell to my knees, my legs giving 
out soon after, and I was left choking for air inside the confines of this hellish aura.
“Not bad.” As Kordri’s voice reached my ears the pressure disappeared. Without the 
suffocating aura affecting me, my body desperately sucked in air.
Over a month had passed in the outside world which meant about a year has passed 
in here. A year of continuous, torturous training with Kordri’s short lectures being the 
only breaks I had.
Over the course of the month that had actually passed, I have had no contact with 
Sylvie. The number of times I have been dying and forced out of the soul realm have 
drastically reduced. The liquid that surrounded my body and Kordri’s put us into a 
mock comatose state, even supplying us with the nutrients needed to stay healthy.
The last time we had left the soul realm was about four months in here, which 
translated to a little short of two weeks outside.
Kordri had kept me busy, but even then, I couldn’t help but long for my family and 
friends. There were so many matters that I felt like I had put off, continuously filling 
me with regret upon recollection. Elijah had been taken away to who-knows-where 
and I wasn’t even sure if he was still alive. I also don’t know whether Tessia had 
awoken, moreover, had left my family on such bad terms…
I knew that training right now was the best thing to do, but it ate away at me whenever 
I thought about it. It didn’t help that, during the year I was in here for, the only thing I 
had to show for it was being able to endure Kordri’s killing intent, or “King’s Force” as 
he called it, long enough to have a short exchange before plopping to the ground like 
a dead fish.
“H-How… How long… did I last?” I breathed out, finally able to form words as I rolled 
onto my back.
“You’re improving,” he replied, dodging my question.
I sat up, turning around to face him as I continued to catch my breath. “Not long 
enough, right?”
“Don’t dwell on the seconds. We are not seeking a specific duration, understand?” He 
said sternly, more a statement than a question.
“Now, again, but this time, no weapons.”
“Again?” I let out a sigh, picking up my trusted blade and sheathing it.
Kordri tossed his own sword onto the grass before explaining, “I know you prefer 
swordfighting, and I have to say that your blade, Dawn’s Ballad, is a fine partner to 
have, but as a mage, hand-to-hand combat continues to be the most versatile and 
adaptive form of fighting. If you have the patience to learn, that is.”
“Once I have drawn out the maximum potential of your human body, my role as your 
teacher will be complete. For the sake of the coming war, I will mold your bones, 
develop your muscles, and train your mind to its limits so that you will be the knight 
that protects your continent and your loved ones,” Kordri continued, putting some 
distance between us. “It is obvious that you have had training in melee combat, much 
more than a normal child. However, like I have said before, your fighting style is more 
suited for dueling against a single opponent.”
I nodded in agreement. In my previous life, a majority of my fights were in the form of 
duels since that was the custom there. Wars were rarely held, and even if they were, 
Kings were not to directly partake in them. After all, our lives were too valuable to risk.
“Since asuras are not allowed to partake in this war, their descendents, the mixedbloods, will be their strongest forces. Your primary duty in this upcoming war will be 
to take care of those mutts that the Vritra Clan will send as generals or as special 
teams. You are incredibly strong, Arthur, but so are they, and do not think that they’ll 
line up and take turns fighting you. Expect to be put in a situation where you will be 
surrounded by enemies with asura blood coursing through them,” Kordri affirmed as 
he calmly circled around me with his hands behind his back. “Of course, unlike now, 
you will not have the restriction of mana usage placed on you so you would be free to 
wreak havoc. However, you will also have to to take into account that there might be 
ally soldiers or even civilians nearby. What will you do then? When it comes down to 
it, physical combat, laced with proper and precise mana usage, will be the most 
efficient and dependable way of disposing enemies. Especially if they are on a much 
higher caliber than the mages you are familiar with.”
“I understand.” I got into an offensive stance with my leading hand relaxed and my 
right hand curled into a fist by my jawline.
“The first lesson i had taught you was how to stay alive. More specifically, you were to 
get a grasp of fighting at higher speeds while trying to dodge a set routine of attacks. 
While I won’t tell you how much I have restricted myself when fighting you, I would 
say that your agility has improved to a level that I deem adequate. Your lesson, after 
that, was fighting under conditions of substantial pressure. Combat under the effects 
of my King’s Force, or killing intent as you call it, has strengthened your tolerance a 
considerable amount these past few months. There is room for improvement in both 
areas, but for now, it is time for the third segment…” Kordri’s voice trailed off as he 
came to stop in front of me.
“Your field of vision is too narrow, too focused.” Kordri’s voice resounded in my ears 
as if he was right behind me as I watched the figure of Kordri I had been concentrating 
on wisp away.
Realizing that it had been an afterimage, I whipped my head back but I was too late. A 
clean blow to my back sent me tumbling forward, causing me to take in a mouthful of 
grass. It was at nonsensical times like these that I couldn’t help but admire how 
realistic the soul realm was. The chunks of grass and dirt in my mouth tasted exactly 
like how I had imagined they would.
I stood back up, groaning as I stretched my back. “I thought we weren’t allowed to use 
mana,” I said, spitting out the grass in my mouth.
“I didn’t use mana. Remember, my physiology is fundamentally different from yours. I 
will restrain myself but it is inevitable that I will be naturally faster, quicker, and 
stronger than you. Now come,” he instructed, beckoning me with his hand.
I immediately propelled myself towards my instructor, putting professional short 
distance sprinters to shame as I got within range to attack. I could definitely feel that 
the mechanics of my body had improved while training with Kordri. My rear foot 
rotated as I spun my hips to create as much momentum as possible into my strike. 
Unleashing my right fist, I could feel all of my muscles, tendons, ligaments and bones 
working in harmony, like a well-oiled machine. Without even relying on mana, I was 
able to generate enough power in my punch to surprise Kordri.
As he dodged my blow in the last second, I could see a Kordri’s lips curl up slightly as 
he unexpectedly ducked underneath my right arm. All I had felt was a light tug at the 
leg and a gentle push on my hips but all of a sudden, my face was half buried in the 
ground.
Never had I been thrown so swiftly, so helplessly, and so painfully as that moment. As 
I coughed from having the wind knocked out of me, Kordri held his hand against my 
neck as if it were the edge of a sword. Squeezing my own ribs in fear that it would 
crumble apart if I didn’t, I heard my mentor’s voice.
“I have to say. That was a very nice punch, Arthur. How much strength do you suppose 
you used releasing a strike of that power? Do you think you can do that for two days, 
three days straight? Can you do that for hours on end without pause and little 
sustenance in your body to give you that energy?” Kordri kneeled down to assess the 
damage on my body. “How much energy do you think I spent tossing you? I have to 
say, because of how powerful your strike was, the less energy I had to expend.”
Gritting my teeth to bear the pain, I sprung back up to my feet and took a stance.
“Energetic today, aren’t we? Good,” he replied, beckoning me once more.
Heeding his gesture, I approached and took a posture as if I would launch the same 
punch as I had done just before. Instead, I used the punch as a feint and jumped up, 
launching my right knee to his jaw.
Again, Kordri’s movements were different from before. I had been used to exchanging 
strikes with the asura, but this time, Kordri used his left hand to gently shift the 
direction of my launched knee, pushing himself to my right side simultaneously. In a 
quick, fluid motion, my mentor grabbed the collar of my shirt behind my head and 
executed a drop throw, propelling me to the ground, head first.
The world turned black for a moment and my ears rang fiercely when I woke up. 
Carefully, I stretched and massaged my neck, surprised that it hadn’t snapped cleanly 
in half from the force of his toss.
Maybe it was because of the blow to my head, but I suddenly recalled this type of 
combat art. aiki… do, yes, it was similar to aikido. It was ancient form of combat that 
was lost due to a decline in traditional martial arts after contemporary forms of 
combat became more widely used. After becoming a king in my previous world, I had 
access to numerous archives pertaining to martial arts and the art of dueling. I had 
glanced briefly through a book on the art of throws but took little interest in it besides 
the concept of capitalizing on the momentum of one’s opponent. Of course, I made 
much use of that knowledge, but did little to learn the art of throwing; it seemed too 
inefficient at the time.
“We had talked about proper conservation and distribution of mana when in 
prolonged battles, correct? Well, it goes without saying that it should be the same for 
your body as well. No matter how much mana you have flowing within you, it cannot 
act as a battery to power up your body. Mana, just like a sword, is a tool to control and 
utilize. Your body is the centerpiece that brings the tools together to create a true 
warrior. Now, you are healed, yes? Come,” Kordri commanded.
Wordlessly, I got back to my feet and dashed once more towards my mentor.
“Your body holds the capabilities of being all kinds of weapons,” Kordri explained, 
getting into an offensive stance. “For example, your fist can become a hammer or 
bludgeon, powerful enough to destroy walls,” he said, throwing a simple punch.
Dodging his first strike, I lowered my center of gravity and released a punch towards 
his solar plexus.
In a smooth, liquid motion, Kordri pivoted himself, wrapping his own arm around the 
arm I had just attacked with and redirecting my fist with the flick of his wrist. “It can 
also become a whip that locks and deflects the opponent’s attack.”
“Your hands can be blades, your legs, axes, all depending on the user,” Kordri said as 
he whirled around and placed his palm on my back. “And it can also be a cannon, 
capable of blasting your foes to pieces. Defend yourself with mana, Arthur. I will allow 
it,” he instructed.
I wrapped my body tightly in a coat of mana, focusing more on the area where Kordri’s 
palm was placed.
The deafening blast of the sound barrier being broken almost distracted me from the 
pain that spread throughout my body as I hurled through the air like a bullet. It was 
impossible to tell how many bones I had broken, how many organs had collapsed as 
my vision darkened and I felt my body being sucked out of the soul realm.
When I opened my eyes, I was in the familiar cave again, drenched in the mysterious 
liquid as well as my own sweat and probably my tears. A wave of nausea then hit me 
as if Kordri had actually just punched a hole through my sternum as I buckled forward 
and heaved out whatever was in my stomach.
“Ugh,” I moaned, trying to collect myself. Kordri was still in front of me, giving me an 
expression of what I guessed was sympathy, but shifted his gaze behind me.
“Ah, you’re here,” he said, standing up.
Turning around, my vision passed the sight of Windsom and focused on the figure of 
someone I didn’t recognize. A boy, standing over five feet tall, looked to be about seven 
at most, took a step toward us and bowed respectfully in my direction. His head was 
also shaven like Kordri’s, but he only had two, nut-brown eyes. He was skinny but not 
sickly so, with a nice, toned body that didn’t match his childish face.
“I’m sorry for my lateness, Master,” the boy said, lifting his head, before tilting it as he 
regarded me. I could see his eyes giving me the once over and, when he locked eyes 
with me once more, shot me a look of haughty derision.
It seemed beneath me to get angry at a kid who was younger than my sister, so I just 
raised a brow and turned back to face Kordri.
“Who’s the kid?” I asked unassumingly.
“Arthur, I’d like you to meet Taci… your new training partner.”
“Training partner?” the kid echoed before I had the chance to respond. “Master, I 
thought you told me to come here so that I could get a chance to finally receive some 
individual training…”
“Taci, you will also be training as you spar with Arthur here, now come here so we can 
begin.” Kordri gestured toward the obviously dissatisfied child.
“Master, what benefit will come from training with this… lesser being?” he grumbled, 
shooting an annoyed look at me.
I thought of it as odd, hearing a child haughtily complain using diction and syntax that 
didn’t suit his babyish appearance or undeveloped, tenor voice.
“Arthur”— Kordri stressed—“has been receiving special training from me. Sparring 
with him will help with your development. You also have the rare honor of training 
using the Aether Orb, yet, you dare complain?”
“N-no, I would never defy your instructions, Master. This pupil only finds it beneath 
Master to waste your time training a mere human when the Thyestes Clan has many 
pupils awaiting your mentorship,” the child named Taci clarified, lowering himself to 
another bow.
I didn’t want to stoop down to his level and be offended by the child, but I had to admit 
he had a rather special knack for pissing people off.
Letting out a defeated sigh, Kordri continued, “Taci, you are one of my most talented 
pupils, but it is your arrogance that will hinder you. Windsom, will you be okay 
keeping up the Aether Orb with an additional person?” Kordri turned to Windsom 
who was seated on the other side of the pool holding the orb.
“Three people won’t be a problem,” the asura nodded in response, shaking his head as 
well at the child in front of him.
Keeping my immature thoughts to myself, I returned to my meditating position inside 
the pool. The child jumped in as well, ignoring me as he sat down so the three of us 
formed a triangle. Once again, we were inside the same grassy setting as we had been 
since the beginning.
“Arthur. While the Pantheon race all differ in their utilization of what you call ‘forcetype mana’, Taci here has been training in the special arts of the Thyestes Clan. Like I 
showed you a few times recently, one of the components of our combat art lies in swift, 
precise strikes, coupled with throws that take advantage of momentum and center of 
gravity. By relying on our senses to perceive where the opponent is distributing their 
weight and momentum, we match our attacks to properly take advantage of their 
strengths. By doing this, we use little effort to dispel their attacks, and conserve our 
strength for when we attack,” my mentor explained.
Taci had his arms crossed besides Kordri, not taking his eyes filled with contempt off 
of me.
“When learning this, even our own disciples are forbidden to use mana until they can 
properly display the basics of our techniques. I am not saying this to boast, but our 
clan’s fame came from the deadliness of our combat art. When looking at a master, you 
will see that our form of fighting is both fierce and fluid, like a deadly cyclone. I have 
only shown you a glimpse of this, Arthur, but I want you to train by fighting against 
Taci,” Kordri continued as he turned his attention over to the child. “Taci, you are to 
use your full strength to fight against Arthur; do not worry about fatal injuries or death 
here.”
I couldn’t help but roll my eyes at the blatantly delighted smirk on Taci’s face as he was 
told this. However, his smug expression immediately disappeared by what his master 
said next. “Arthur, you are not to use any mana. I will not be applying any pressure on 
you as of now, but expect it to come later on. You are also not allowed to attack him at 
all, but simply block and deflect. The only form of offensive maneuvers you are allowed 
to make are throws.”
“M-Master? This doesn’t make any sense?” Taci stuttered, shocked. “Shouldn’t you be 
placing restrictions on me instead of the human? By doing this, do you mean to say 
that, without these handicaps, he would be able to defeat me?”
“Taci, I am growing tired of your pitiful whining. Are you doubting me?” Kordri’s eyes 
grew sharp as he spoke. There was no mercy shown in his expression, immediately 
shutting Taci's mouth as he frantically shook his head.
I never had the chance to indulge in this feeling… this satisfying sense of victory over 
a cocky kid when his parent unexpectedly sides with me.
“Now, begin.”
KORDRI’S POV:
Simply saying that I was surprised would be a lying; no, the more accurate word would 
be astonished. I had a feeling that it might end up this way, but not this soon. Arthur 
Leywin… what a truly mysterious individual.
Taci, while only seven years of age, displayed an unusual amount of talent from the 
beginning. He had covered the basics of our combat art in a quarter of the time it took 
for the rest of his class. His mana distribution was still rough but improving at a rate 
that even the clan elders couldn’t help but admire. He was to be the next generation’s 
star. Yet even with all of the restrictions placed, Arthur was still holding on—no, it was 
more than that now—Arthur was slowly beginning to keep up.
In the span of only a few days inside the soul realm, Arthur had begun to match Taci. 
He, who had not even learned the true combat art of the Thyestes Clan, was absorbing 
knowledge like a starving beast and making it his own.
Despite the speed and power of Taci’s attacks, Arthur was able to persist against him. 
Through each punch, kick, slash and throw that Arthur faced, his steps, his shifts, his 
movements… they were all becoming faster and sharper as if his body was 
instinctively shaving away unnecessary movement. His improvement was at a speed 
that could be easily discernible even to one not trained in combat. How is this 
possible? What sort of past did he experience? How many people had he fought in 
order to develop this aberrant level of perception?
In my years as both a warrior and mentor, I had never come across a feeling like this 
before. I have trained hundreds in the art of combat, from young to old. I’ve nurtured 
pupils that had later become leading figures in the Thyestes Clan, but even then, 
training this boy, Arthur, had introduced me to a sensation that I’ve never felt before.
Constantly, as I taught him, I had noticed the feeling of excitement, awe, and pride 
welling up; emotions that I did not even feel towards myself. It was similar to that of 
unearthing an unknown, yet obviously precious, gem. Arthur was still dull and rough, 
but with each buff, he shone brighter and brighter. There was no telling what the final 
product would look like, but it was this longing to find out that made it so exhilarating, 
yet regrettable. Was he going to have the chance to develop to his full potential? Or 
will he run out of time first?
Had he been born an asura, he would be a prominent member amongst even the 
highest echelons of power. However, the gods have placed him to be merely a pawn; 
utilized until no longer needed.
Such a pity.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
This arrogant brat. If it weren’t for these restrictions, I would’ve painted the grass with 
your blood and tears.
These past few days had been filled with nothing but frustration and resentment at 
myself for the fact that I was unable to do anything against him. Taci, obviously 
annoyed by his master regarding him so lowly, coupled with the innate condescension 
he had over my race, led to me being tossed around like a rag doll and eating too many 
strikes for my temper to contain.
While his attacks weren’t on the level of Kordri’s in terms of fluidity and compact 
precision, due to his attacks and movements being reinforced with mana, they were 
at a level faster than I was used to.
I almost lost my life on the first strike, but was able to dodge only from the fact that 
his body gave away his next attack. With the amount of experience that I had with 
fighting and dueling from my past life and this one, I was able to somewhat anticipate 
what the opponent would do next based on his posture and movement. This skill 
worked less depending on how capable of a fighter the opponent was, but Taci, while 
well-versed in his clan’s form of martial art, was still lacking in fighting experience.
Unlike fighting with Kordri, who had no openings or flaws in any of his 
micromovements, Taci was basically telephoning his next move. Dodging, however, 
was a whole different problem. While his attacks had openings, they were still at a 
level above anyone that I have faced. If it wasn’t for the amount of experience I had 
over the kid, I would’ve been thrown out of the soul realm already. The power and 
sheer speed of the onslaught could make any S-class adventurer curl up in utter 
subjection.
The force of his strikes caused the air around him to whistle and every time I parried 
his blows, my arms would throb in pain.
Clicking my tongue, I ignored the pain and persisted. It wasn’t enough to just be fast. I 
needed to be faster than him. In order to do that, I needed to lessen my movement. 
The only way I could dodge successfully without using mana was to cut down my 
maneuvers to the bare necessities. If I couldn’t do that, I would soon be overwhelmed.
“You should go back to your kind instead of wasting my Master’s time,” Taci cursed as 
he unleashed another barrage of strikes. Much like myself, he seemed to want to hit 
me squarely instead of merely tossing me to the ground.
I didn’t have the same luxury to respond so I just gritted my teeth and focused even 
harder.
Faster.
“My mother and father had told me how weak lesser beings were; it looks like it’s true. 
I don’t understand why we asuras were given the awful job of looking after you guys,” 
he growled as he turned, releasing an upwards knee jab.
I felt a sharp pain in my ear as I was barely able to dodge the full brunt of the attack 
with a simple turn of the neck.
Faster.
I couldn’t tell how much time had passed; I was used to sparring for hours with Kordri, 
but this seemed much longer. As Taci continued his relentless assault, my body soon 
became a canvas of cuts and bruises.
Not enough, faster.
The asura child was obviously growing frustrated as he began trying to go for throws 
as well. I could see his hand extend out in a claw, hoping to grip at a weak point. By 
now, however, I was beginning to grow accustomed to his movements so dodging 
became easier. His strikes that once passed by me in a blur, were becoming apparent.
“If it weren’t for the Vritra Clan and their disgusting half-breeds, my master wouldn’t 
have to be stuck here teaching you, hoping a dog could learn something meant for 
asuras,” the brat spat venomously as he grew more annoyed.
Even faster.
Sweat began stinging my eyes, impeding my vision. Blades of grass flew around us as 
our steps and movement lifted chunks of dirt into the air.
Faster, damn it!
My body was beginning to protest as my mind grew dull. It was beginning to make 
sharper movements due to the fatigue in my body. Each time I dodged, my body jolted 
in pain.
What was I supposed to do? I wasn’t used to fighting for this long and dodging attacks 
of this caliber was wearing me down at an even greater pace than usual.
If I lowered my speed, then I would bear the full brunt of Taci’s childish rage, but I 
wasn’t sure how much longer I could continue to hold out.
My mind whirled trying to think of an answer. Think, Arthur. What had Kordri stressed 
this whole time? Conservation and proper distribution of mana and energy. Taci’s 
form of fighting wasn’t as concise as Kordri’s but since he was reinforcing his body 
with mana, he wasn’t tiring as easily as I was.
Fluidity.
Yeah, fluid. Arthur, you dumbass, Kordri had given you the answer. Be fluid, but stay 
fierce. Like a cyclone.
Even with a clear idea in my head, it was horrifying trying to implement it when one 
mistake could easily be the death of you. Even in the soul realm, it was still scary.
Taci was also showing signs of wear as his once smug face became lined with a tensed 
exasperation. His bombardment never slowed, however, as he continued his storm of 
strikes and grabs.
Don’t just dodge. Do more. Look for an opening in his attacks. Follow his movements 
and go along with it, not against it.
Another cut appeared on my cheek from Taci’s strike as I failed to execute the 
movement I had thought of in my head properly.
Not fast enough, Arthur.
His kick from the side landed squarely on my rib, spinning me off balance.
I bit down on my lip to keep myself from buckling in pain. I knew that a few ribs were 
broken, which meant that an organ or two were probably punctured.
Faster.
Don’t go against his movement. Conserve energy. Be fluid.
Taking advantage of the fact that he had finally landed a solid hit, Taci immediately
followed up with a right straight, his fist reinforced with a purple aura.
“Say good night,” Taci’s snide voice rang.
My brain screamed for my body to duck, to cover my vitals, to avoid this hit. But if I 
merely dodged, it would be impossible to avoid his next attack.
I Ignored my instincts, using the momentum from Taci’s last kick, whirled my body 
counterclockwise, as his fist headed towards me. At the same time, I raised my right 
hand, timing it so that it would meet with his.
If I failed in grasping the right timing or speed of this maneuver by a millisecond, my 
head would probably get blown off, but I buried those thoughts and focused.
Time seemed to slow as my right hand grasped his right wrist. I immediately lowered 
my center of gravity and slung his arm over my shoulder as I maintained the spin of 
my body. I could feel the force of his punch as Taci was hopelessly lifted from his feet.
Using the power of his own blow, I redirected his attack and propelled him to the 
ground.
What I didn’t expect was my throw to produce a crater the size of a house. There in 
the middle of the devastation was Taci, sprawled out and gurgling blood, with the 
whites of his eyes showing.
I collapsed to my knees trying to catch a breath, as I realized that the broken ribs had 
punctured one of my lungs. While I normally don’t condone bullying someone younger 
than myself, looking down at the sorry state of the brat, I let out a satisfied grin.
“Good night.”
He overextended his punch; don’t dodge, Arthur, duck under and move in.
Her kick is too high, she’s off balance; exploit that.
The left hook was thrown prematurely. Lean your head back an inch.
That strike is slow enough; I need to grab that. Parry it, grab ahold of the palm and 
twist.
Watch out for the low sweep, but don’t jump. There’s a follow up attack that would be 
waiting for you if you do. Move in towards the kick where it won’t have much power.
An attack is coming from behind. Don’t waste time to look back; use his shadow 
instead.
Kick incoming towards the face, and another aimed at the ribs. Their attacks are 
becoming more coordinated.
I need to lower my body to dodge the kick aimed at my head and block the one aimed 
at my ribs. Use the force of the kick to get pushed away from the current 
disadvantageous position.
“Time!” Kordri’s voice thundered, bringing all of us to a freeze.
“Damnit!”
“So close!”
“We could’ve had him if you had given us one more minute, Master!”
Of the four of them, only Taci didn’t say anything, only clicking his tongue in
dissatisfaction before turning away.
“Enough! It is four against one and you guys still dare to complain after being unable 
to land a single, solid hit on Arthur? I should have you lot retrained from the basics!” 
The four-eyed asura rebuked. Turning his attention to me, he shot me an 
acknowledging smile. “How do you feel, Arthur?”
Returning his smile, I replied, shaking off the stinging pain in my wrist from blocking 
the last attack. “Never better.”
About four months have passed in the outside world, meaning that I had trained in the 
soul realm, thanks to the Aether Orb, for nearly four years. While my body had only 
aged a year physiologically, a bit more than three years have gone by training under 
the tutelage of Kordri.
These three years, I had done nothing besides honing my body, my reflexes, and my 
acuity for combat. My fourteenth birthday had recently passed and it was glaringly 
obvious just how much stronger I had become, to the point where my past combat 
abilities seemed about as coordinated as a toddler first learning to walk.
Kordri had also helped refine my mana to aid in combat but hadn’t taught me anything 
new. Whether it was because of physiological differences between humans and asuras 
or just the fact that he didn’t want to or wasn’t allowed to pass on the Thyestes Clan 
mana arts to a non-clan member , I chose not to ask. I merely trusted Kordri and 
absorbed whatever he did teach instead.
To this day, I wasn’t sure what exactly the Thyestes Clan mana arts was and what it 
was able to do, but that didn’t matter. Just the fact that I had progressed to this level of 
physical combat was something I was thankful for.
As the soul realm that we had been training in grew dark, I opened my eyes to the 
familiar sight of the cave I had been in, physically, for the past year.
“Thanks again for helping me train, guys.” I stood up and gave a respectful nod to the 
four, novice Thyestes Clan children.
After about the first year inside the soul realm, sparring with just Taci was proving to 
have a limit, so Kordri brought over more training partners to the point where I was 
fighting on par with Taci and three other young children of the Pantheon asura race.
Of course the four of them weren’t constantly inside the soul realm like I had been. 
Because of that “unfairness”, as they constantly pointed out, I had been able to catch 
up to them eventually.
The four of them, including Taci, kept a distance from me outside of training, often 
showing their displeasure at the thought of helping a lesser race train; it didn’t help 
that I had become stronger than them. Of course, this was considering the fact that 
they weren’t allowed to use their abilities to the fullest. Kordri had made it explicitly 
clear that we were to use mana only for strengthening our bodies; anything outside of 
that would be considered foul play.
“Master Kordri. Thank you for training me up until now,” I turned and bowed 
respectfully after we both got out of the pool of blue liquid back inside the cave.
“Mmm, it was a treat for me as well,” the shaved-headed asura replied.
Giving my body a thorough stretch, I turned to face Windsom. “When is the next 
portion of our training?” I asked as I mentally searched for signs of Sylvie. This past 
year, I wasn’t able to sense, let alone communicate, with my bond. It had become a 
custom to search for her every time I was thrown out of the soul realm, but each 
attempt proved fruitless.
“Huh? Ah, we will start the next portion of training soon.” Windsom had the same 
discerning gaze as Kordri, which confused me.
I raised a brow, shifting my gaze back and forth between the two asuras. “Is everything 
okay?”
“Nothing’s wrong…” Kordri replied as he tilted his head, studying me like a piece of 
abstract art.
“It’s just that you have not changed,” Windsom finished.
My heart began thumping louder at his words. What hasn’t changed? My initial 
thought turned to my mana core, but that wasn’t it. My mana core had advanced 
recently from out of the early light yellow and into the latter levels of the light-yellow; 
meaning, I had progressed past more than a full stage, starting from the solid yellow 
stage that I had previously been at before starting my training here. Windsom had also 
come into the soul realm to watch the progress of my training every now and then so 
he should be well aware of the level I’m currently at.
“Arthur, while training under the Aether Orb can be tremendously beneficial, it is 
strictly forbidden to be used on children, or even young adults. You can guess why, 
right? The time difference between the two realms can cause a psychological 
displacement on a person not yet fully developed mentally,” Windsom explained.
“I was actually firmly against the use of the aether orb for that reason,” Kordri 
confessed. “Even Lord Indrath was somewhat reluctant to have you train using the 
Aether Orb, in fear of the consequences. However, because of the deficit of time before 
the war, there was no choice.”
It took me by surprise when I heard that Lord Indrath would care for my well-being. 
That wasn’t the impression I had received when I had met him.
“Which is why I’m somewhat astonished at the fact that there is no change in you, 
Arthur. Your speech, your demeanor, your mentality; they are no different from what 
they have been before the training began,” Windsom began. “Essentially, four years 
have passed since you have entered, but neither during the times you have been 
brought back out nor now, have you displayed any changes a normal child should have 
had.”
I mulled over this for a moment. It made sense now why Kordri hadn’t let Taci and the 
other Thyestes Clan children stay in the soul realm. The only reason why I wasn’t 
affected by this phenomena was because I already had the mentality of an adult since 
my birth into this world.
“Windsom, you said yourself that I felt different from other children. I’d been pretty 
ahead of my age, mentally, for pretty much my whole life; to the point where I grew 
accustomed to purposely conforming to the people of my age to socially adapt,” I 
answered at last.
“Well, it matters little to us. In fact, it is for the better that this regimen of training did 
not produce any unwanted ramifications.” Windsom looked mindful at first, but 
relaxed as he let out a sigh. “Kordri, thank you for spending much of your time and 
energy into training Arthur. Anyone else, even amongst asuras, would be subpar 
compared to your expertise in close quarters combat,” the asura added, turning to 
Kordri.
“No thanks are needed. Arthur needs to be well trained if he is to have a chance against 
those mutts.” Kordri placed a firm hand on my shoulder and squeezed. “Remember 
that the mages in Alacrya have been taught and guided by asuras. Mana arts in that 
continent is generations more advanced than in Dicathen. So do not get overconfident 
from the fact that you are receiving this sort of training. It frustrates me deeply that 
our hands are tied like this, but if we don’t want a war that can destroy the very land 
we live in, it is up to you and your peers to fight.” Kordri’s usually indifferent face 
wrinkled into a grave expression.
After saying our goodbyes, Kordri and his four pupils left first, leaving only Windsom 
and I inside the unnaturally quiet training cave.
As I sat down on the cold floor of the cave, idly stretching my body while peeking every 
now and then at Windsom, I couldn’t help but try to guess what the asura was thinking 
as he regarded me so closely.
Trying to break the palpably thick silence, I asked Windsom something that had been 
desperately on my mind. “So, have you heard any news of Sylvie? Is she doing okay?”
“Lady Sylvie will be fine. No one would dare mistreat the direct kin of Lord Indrath 
besides Lord Indrath himself,” he answered casually, despite the fact that the last bit 
of his statement sent a pang of worry down my stomach.
Choosing not to dwell on this topic any longer, I simply nodded and continued 
stretching my body. Because I wasn’t physically using my body within the soul realm, 
it had grown stiff. Muscle mass hadn’t dwindled due to the mysterious liquid I had 
been submerged in, but I had noticed that my hair had grown much longer than I was 
used to.
I still didn’t know the full capabilities of the Aether Orb but the chance to train under 
these conditions would most likely never come again, so I had to make the most of it.
“Here. I just received this from a messenger of Lord Indrath. It seems like Aldir wrote 
of the events happening in your continent currently. I thought you might be 
interested.” Windsom spoke evenly as he handed me a few pieces of parchment filled 
to the edges with immaculate writing.
It was the first time receiving any sort of information from Dicathen. Four months had 
passed since I started my training, and the more time flew by, the more concerned I 
became of the well-being of everyone.
Had the war started yet?
What were they doing to prepare themselves for the upcoming battles?
What measures were they taking to protect themselves?
Questions like these and many more filled my head, often distracting me during 
training until I was smacked back to attention by the four pupils or Kordri himself.
What Kordri said before leaving had sent shivers down my spine in sudden realization. 
The continent of Alacrya was sure to be more advanced in mana manipulation than 
Dicathen was. Even with the help of asuras now teaching a handful of capable mages 
on how to better utilize their mana, it wouldn’t be enough if the enemy’s armies were 
truly as strong as I was imagining them to be.
In that sense, I often thought of my training with Kordri to be an inefficient use of time. 
Of course what I had learned would make me a great combatant in any battlefield, but 
considering my capabilities, I wondered sometimes if it would be better for me to hone 
my long-range mana utilization. Of course, conjuring wasn’t my specialty, but with my 
quad-elemental disposition and the amount of raw mana I possessed, compared to 
other mages, I felt like it would be better for me to learn long range mana arts that 
were capable of leveling fields instead of learning to destroy enemies around me one 
at a time. But thinking back to my past as a commanding leader, it wasn’t the number 
of soldiers that posed the biggest threats. No, the ones that presented the most trouble 
were either leading them or the few elite fighters capable of penetrating through our 
forces. I couldn’t worry about every single insignificant fish; I would just have to trust 
in our army to handle them.
Putting aside my concerns, I eagerly plucked the paper from his hands and inhaled the 
words written on the wrinkled paper.
“…”
It seemed that it was made known to the higher ups that Goodsky was formerly a spy 
sent directly by the Vritra Clan on behalf of Alacrya. A large portion of the written 
report was actually on Goodsky’s intel on the political structure of Alacrya, which 
surprised me since she was the one who told me of the powerful binding that kept her 
from even having the intentions of revealing information.
I put aside my suspicions for now and focused back on the report.
Because of the tangible presence of asuras in Alacrya, much of the hierarchy had 
become centered around the purity in one’s blood. Basically, the closer someone was 
to that of the asura lineage, the higher status one would hold in that continent. It 
seemed rather simple and shallow at first, but was Dicathen or any other world 
different? Of course, the purity in lineage wasn’t as apparent in our continent, but it 
was rather easy to see the distinction between those of ‘noble’ blood and ordinary 
people.
I was willing to bet that the higher the purity of their asura blood, the stronger their 
ability as a mage would be. As a few generations pass, it was easy to predict that there 
would be a clear division in class based on this fact alone.
It went on to say that she herself possessed very limited knowledge besides the 
general hierarchy of the elite figures that Agrona himself took care into raising and 
assembling. One part caught my eye. “So the information that Direc… Cynthia Goodsky 
provided us, these so-called “Four Scythes”, am I to assume that these will be my 
targets?” I asked without taking my eye off of the report.
Aldir noted further down that, of the potential obstacles, these so-called Scythes and 
their respective retainers under their commands were of the highest priority.
“Ultimately, yes. But read on. What the Alacryan spy, Cynthia Goodsky, mentioned next 
is troubling, to say the least.
I did as I was told, and surely enough, the next the paragraph of the report made me 
curse underneath my breath.
“…based on the purity in color, density and concentration of lingering mana within the 
horn fragment retrieved from the site where former Lance, Alea Triscan, was killed, 
Goodsky has asserted that it belonged to a prime-blood of the retainer level of one of 
the Four Scythes ,” I read aloud. I assumed that the prime-blood was someone with 
mixed asura, more specifically Basilisk, blood.
My mind shifted towards the night I saw the remains of Alea. I still remembered the 
last words we had exchanged after she gave me the very fragment Goodsky had 
mentioned. This meant that there was a retainer for each of the Four Scythes. Four 
retainers that were capable of easily dispatching a Lance and four more who were at 
a level even above them.
Reading on, there was little else that was of significant importance. There were 
mentions of armored ships being built from a coalition between the humans and 
dwarves, as well as towering fortresses being built around harbored cities. Aldir also 
wrote the recounts he had received of sightings of someone who was perhaps from 
Alacrya but other than the fact that there was a clear tension throughout the continent, 
little else had happened.
I could only begin to imagine the scale of this upcoming war. This wasn’t a war 
between the struggles of two rival countries, this would be two enormous continents 
sending millions of soldiers to fight for their land.
After letting out a deep breath, I gathered the pieces of parchment and stacked them 
neatly before handing them back to Windsom.
There was a mixture of emotions brewing inside me. News of Dicathen had definitely 
put my mind at ease. The newly acquired knowledge pertaining to the power of our 
enemies, on the other hand, sent a cold chill down my spine. However, despite this, I 
was excited and determined. I finally had a goal, a solid number of enemies to work 
with. It would be hard to get all of them, but I wasn’t fighting random drones or 
ambiguous opponents that I knew nothing about; I now had an objective and I had my 
targets.
“Windsom, let’s start the next portion of training,” I asserted, standing up and 
straightening my back.
Peering down from the edge of the cliff we were currently standing on, I couldn’t help 
but grow anxious. The forest looked like one giant bush that spilled over the visible 
horizon, with the cluttered trees blocking any view of what laid below. Large birds and 
other fearsome winged species hovered over the dense collection of green, diving in 
and retrieving their meal every so often. What scared me more than them, however, 
were the occasional roars that echoed in the distance. I could only imagine how large 
they must be if they were able to shake or even bring down trees that blocked their 
paths as they traversed through the thick wilderness…
“This is where you will be training,” Windsom announced, his gaze still fixed on the 
forest.
“Of course it is,” I sighed, making sure that the sack slung over my shoulder was 
fastened tight.
“Shall we?” After replying with a quick nod, the two of us jumped off the cliff, spreading 
mana through our body while trying to keep balance against the harsh winds that blew 
around us.
Right as we were about to plunge into the scores of trees, I willed an updraft beneath 
my feet to decrease the speed of my fall.
As Windsom and I landed deftly into the massive realm of woodland, the atmosphere 
changed drastically. The ground beneath my feet was soggy, like walking on foam, and 
as I placed my weight down, the damp earth relented, hugging my boots and gently 
releasing them with each step I took.
My nose was bombarded with scents from the abundant foliage, mixed in with the 
underlying damp smell of moss, dirt and decay from fallen lumber.
“You have given me everything except for the items in your bag, correct?” The asura 
confirmed, holding his palm out in case I missed something.
“Everything I own is in that dimension ring, which isn’t much. Anything else you wish 
to take from me? My clothes? A kidney or lung perhaps?” I quipped, looking around at 
my surroundings.
“Amusing,” the asura replied flatly, taking out a book from his cloak. “Now, since you 
were so adamant on the fact that you have complete mastery over your internal mana 
control—”
“I simply said it wasn’t necessary to waste time training that explicitly,” I countered.
“Anyway, I will consider your level sufficient upon retrieving me these three things.” 
He pointed at the open book.
“Pelt of a raptor squirrel, the beast core of a silver panther, and the claws of a titan 
bear,” I read the list aloud, absorbing the black and white drawings of each of the mana 
beasts.
“…and these items will prove, somehow, that I am ready to learn more about the will 
Sylvia had left me with?” I handed the book back to him.
“In a way. Of course, on the condition that you not use any external mana arts 
whatsoever. Ah, and you are to wear this at all times,” Windsom added, handing me a 
bell roughly the size of my fist.
“I really do have to question your idea of training,” I sighed again as I held up the silver 
bell, triggering a series of vibrant rings way too loud for a single bell to make.
“Let me know when you’ve collected all of the things on the list by breaking the bell.” 
He turned around, preparing to leave, but stopped. “Oh, and I recommend getting the 
items in that order.”
Just like that, he was gone, leaving me alone in this forest with nothing but a bell, some 
blankets, and a leather pouch filled with fresh water.
I had no idea what exactly Windsom was trying to accomplish by having me hunt for 
these items, but if that was what it took to speed up the training process, then that was 
reason enough.
“Let’s see. First on the list is the pelt of a raptor squirrel,” I mumbled quietly to myself. 
It seemed easy enough aside from the fact that I had to capture one in a fairly good 
condition.
I pondered over the three items that Windsom requested. If this was some form of a 
test to measure my internal mana manipulation, that meant that these mana beasts 
possessed skills, which require me to have a certain level of mastery over them. The 
fact that it was some type of squirrel most likely meant that it was near the bottom of 
the food chain. If that was the case, then in order to protect itself, it probably had some 
sort of defense mechanism, like most preys, to avoid getting eaten.
According to the picture, the raptor squirrel looked like any other squirrel, except with 
more prominent hind limbs, three, thin tails, and beady eyes. Observing my 
surroundings, I had yet to see any sort of wildlife.
Concentrating mana into my eyes, I enhanced and increased the range of my vision. 
Nothing.
I was constantly on the lookout for any indication of fauna while making my way 
towards the other end of the forest. Several hours had passed but still, no signs.
“This damn bell!” I yelled louder than I had meant to. As if constantly mocking me, the 
bell rang at the slightest movement I made, deterring any creatures from coming near 
me.
As the sky darkened so did my mood; all that I had to show for the passing of time was 
my frustration at the lack of progress. Deciding to call it a night, I made camp out of 
the hollow trunk of a fallen tree.
To my irritation, sounds of small animals, hidden in the veil of darkness, came out 
around my campsite as soon as I laid down.
As I tried to get back up, the tinkle of the bell reverberated loudly through the 
otherwise silent night, causing the creatures to scurry away swiftly.
‘I’ll start fresh tomorrow,’ I decided with a sigh, burrowing back inside my blanket as 
a chill breeze flowed through the log I was nestled in, and through my clothes, 
shriveling me up.
A ray of light somehow made it past the layer of leaves and branches and onto my face, 
rousing me from my slumber. I stayed hidden inside the log, though, keeping 
completely still so as to not agitate the bell. However, after a few hours, it was obvious 
that the bell wasn’t the only reason the raptor squirrels were keeping clear of me.
The mana beasts that were at the bottom of the food chain had probably developed 
extremely acute senses that made up for its lack of vision to avoid predators, which 
was why, even when I was nearly asleep and completely frozen, they still kept their 
distance.
For now, hiding my presence was my best bet at hopefully luring the raptor squirrels 
out. How to catch them, I would have to figure that out after.
After a brief search, I found a decently situated shrub close to a clearing that was thick 
enough to hide inside. Making myself as comfortable as possible within the stiff 
branches and prickly leaves, I waited.
Rescinding all of the mana I had constantly circulating around my body, I stayed 
motionless and observed. Because of the assimilation with Sylvia’s will, my body was 
a lot sturdier than most humans, but I still felt a bit vulnerable leaving my body 
unprotected in these unfamiliar grounds.
Minutes soon bled into hours as I waited. It wasn’t enough to retract your mana; I 
realized that it was absolutely necessary to clear your mind and intent when dealing 
with preys. I could feel my breathing soften, almost disappearing as I exhaled in 
accordance with the occasional breeze that flowed by.
Finally, the fruits of my labor showed as a tiny snout popped out from one of the other 
bushes, curiously sniffing around for signs of danger. Soon, a few raptor squirrels 
scuttled about with their three tails constantly twirling around like antennas, 
desperately trying to find some food before predators caught wind of their presence.
I knew it was impossible to catch the first item on my list today, so I used this 
opportunity to test some things out. I started by emitting just a bit of mana; the raptor 
squirrels responded immediately by raising their hind legs to elevate their tails. They 
had obviously sensed the minute fluctuation of mana and were a lot more tense, some 
even scurrying away.
As I kept testing their limits, I learned three things: The first was that leaking even a 
bit of purified mana didn’t necessarily drive them away, but alarmed them to a degree 
where it would be impossible to try and catch one. Exerting too much purified mana 
would undoubtedly lead them to immediately flee. The second interesting thing I 
learned was that internalizing mana inside my body did not trigger their alarm signal, 
but too much concentration and focus did cause my intent to bleed out, causing them 
to scatter. The last thing I learned, and perhaps the most useful, was that external 
mana flow did not startle or even prompt them to take notice.
I learned this as I sat, hidden, meditating. When I was absorbing the surrounding 
mana, there were no signs of agitation from the raptor squirrels. It was only when I 
began actively purifying and condensing the mana that they began to notice 
something was wrong.
The testing took the whole day since I had to change locations every time I made them 
flee, but with these three observations, I finally had something to work with.
‘I wonder if Sylvie is doing okay with her training,’ I thought as I wrapped my blanket 
around me back inside the hollow log I decided to use as a makeshift tent. The same 
worries that I always carried ran through my mind as soon as I had some time to think. 
How was my family? How was Tessia? How was Elijah? Was he even alive? If so, would 
I ever get the chance to save him?
It seemed like I had been lost in my own thoughts through the whole night, but at one 
point, my eyes snapped open to the soft glow of the morning sun.
After packing my scarce belongings, I filled my pouch with a puddle of morning dew 
that had formed from nearby leaves and made my way to a clearing.
Today’s goal wouldn’t be observing or even catching a raptor squirrel. I wanted to test 
a little idea that I had based on the three observations yesterday.
As I stood in the center of a small clearing surrounded by plants, with mushrooms I 
had picked up along the way that raptor squirrels ate; I put my theory into action.
Because my physiology was that of an augmenter, the mana channels, responsible for 
effectively spreading purified mana from my core throughout the rest of my body, 
were much more prominent than my mana veins, which were used to absorb 
unpurified, atmospheric mana into the body.
However, for this technique, I had to balance the output of purified mana from my 
mana core through my mana channels and the input of atmospheric mana through my 
mana veins.
With a perfect balance, I should be able to utilize mana without anyone, or anything, 
being able to sense that I was. That is in theory, of course.
My mana veins were naturally much more under-developed compared to my mana 
channels so I started by matching the output of mana to the amount that I was able to 
input. The feeling was somewhat similar to when I first learned Mana Rotation from
Sylvia, but much harder.
The longer I practiced, the more evident it became that it wasn’t as easy as I imagined 
it to be. A certain finesse was needed to accurately come to a point of equilibrium 
between the two opposing actions, despite doing it while standing still; attempting 
this while moving would be a whole other mountain.
My perception of time had gotten lost somewhere in the middle of my practice, but to 
my surprise, when I opened my eyes for the umpteenth time, there were finally raptor 
squirrels eating from the pile of food that I had picked up.
However, my delight was brief, because as soon as my concentration slipped, they 
were immediately aware of the mana fluctuation that I had been trying to camouflage.
“Yes!” I pumped my fist. This was good progress. One of the downsides was that, my 
mana supply ran out… fast. I would be able to practice this for only a few minutes at a 
time before I had to stop and resupply my mana core.
Even the fact that I was almost at silver-core stage didn’t help because of the excess 
mana being thrown away at improper utilization of this impromptu technique.
The next morning, I kept to my routine and practiced in the middle of the same 
clearing. It wasn’t until the fourth day that I felt like I had enough control to try moving 
while keeping up this technique.
By the end of the week, I was able to slowly move around but because of the bell tied 
to my waist, even when they couldn’t sense mana, they fled. But I already thought of 
this. If all it took was hiding my presence, I wouldn’t have needed to find a way to 
utilize this technique.
I needed to master this technique in order to use mana in bursts, pouncing on the 
raptor squirrels before they could react to the sound of my bell.
Drawing a line in the soft dirt and positioning myself in front of a designated tree as 
my target, I practiced.
I stopped right when my bell rang. My goal was to reach the tree by the time the bell 
chimed, so for this, I needed to utilize enough mana to instantaneously move at a 
speed fast enough to not shake the bell, all the while balancing the input and output 
flow of atmospheric mana and my purified mana in order to camouflage my presence 
from the raptor squirrel’s tail.
“Again.” I turned and walked back to the starting point after hearing the bell.
“Again,” I repeated to myself.
As I continued, I realized that I was essentially aiming for something similar to the 
technique Kordri had once used when he was sparring with me. Controlling mana flow 
and power while manipulating your own presence to either hide or emit it, throwing 
off your opponent’s senses.
Erasing your presence by using the barely traceable atmospheric mana to mask the 
output of your own mana, and instantly gaining speed to reach your opponent. Was 
this the skill that Windsom had been trying to test?
Again, I would try, and again I would fail to reach my goal. But with each attempt, the 
distance between the tree and I shortened before the bell jingled.
It was just one step, but so much concentration and precision went into getting it even 
partly right.
However, this single, instantaneous step, coupled with the form of combat that I had 
been taught by Kordri as well as the sword art that I had developed myself, could 
undoubtedly become an important trump card.
I remembered how disoriented and helpless I had been when Kordri had used this 
skill, erasing his presence as he attacked, while the next instant, he would emit his 
presence only to shift positions and throw me off. Although the asura wasn’t using his 
mana in the same way as what I’m attempting to do, his innate power could be easily 
comparable to that of someone in the silver core stage.
“Almost,” I encouraged myself, positioning myself for another attempt.
I wasn’t sure how many hours had passed since the dense cluster of trees covered 
most of the sky, but I sunk down against the tree.
Days passed by as I continued practicing, until…
“Hehe…”
I laughed meekly in victory as I stared at the depressed, dirt trail that I had made from 
the days of mastering this skill. While the rest of the ground was littered with leaves 
and broken twigs, only the thin trail I had been constantly dashing back and forth on 
was paved clear.
I tried getting up, but my legs trembled in protest, too worn out to carry my weight. 
Still, I felt good for the first time in a while since coming to this godforsaken forest. “I’ll 
wipe out those stupid raptor squirrels to extinction,” I declared triumphantly.
WINDSOM’S POV:
‘What is the boy planning?’ I thought to myself, keeping a fair enough distance from 
him. I had left him unattended for two weeks, thinking it would be plenty of time for 
him to have caught a raptor squirrel.
From the fact that I wouldn’t have been able to find him in this forest without the help 
of the bell I had given him, it was obvious that he had mastered erasing his presence. 
Despite this, Arthur had yet to catch a single squirrel.
The raptor squirrels were swift and highly perceptive. Since their eyes were bad, they 
relied on their acute nose to sniff for food and their tails to sense any sort of mana 
fluctuation or even movement in the area. If their tails detected a high concentration 
of mana or even a minute change in mana levels in the area, it would be difficult for 
even an asura to catch one.
However, beyond that, the raptor squirrels were rather simple-minded. After erasing 
his presence, if the boy were to stay absolutely still with some bait in his hands, it 
would be easy for him to catch one. Yet, the boy had laid out food in front of him, 
instead.
‘Well, he learned the necessary skill that I wanted him to learn,’ I shrugged, but for 
some reason, my gaze was still glued to the boy, as if waiting for something astonishing 
to happen.
The boy stood unmoving as he continued to wait patiently for a raptor squirrel to draw 
near.
In the blink of an eye, the boy had suddenly disappeared and reappeared in front of 
the raptor squirrel with his hand stretched out.
“He…” my voice trailed off in awe.
Right when the boy was about to grab ahold of the raptor squirrel, however, the bell I 
had given him rang and the raptor squirrel darted away just outside of Arthur’s grasp.
“Gah!” The boy yelled, obviously frustrated as he kicked the pile of food he had 
gathered to lure in the raptor squirrel.
There was no way he could move at that speed without using mana, but…
I couldn’t sense it.
That means, he wasn’t simply just erasing his presence by withdrawing his mana and 
hiding his intent. He had been effectively using his own mana while covering it with 
the pure mana surrounding him
Mirage Walk. It was a rather crude shadow of it, but Arthur had definitely just 
succeeded in the first step of Mirage Walk. It was a movement technique to put it 
simply, but it was also much more than that. Mirage Walk was the essence of what 
made the Thyestes Clan reign over all of the other clans within the Pantheon race.
For a mere human boy to be able to grasp the fundamentals for a mana art that even 
took me years to grasp… and this was with Kordri secretly teaching me despite his 
Clan’s strict secrecy regarding their mana arts.
For him to be able to get this far just by watching Kordri…
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
“Finally,” I whispered, too quiet for the silver panther to hear.
There it was, cautiously sniffing around as it approached the raptor squirrels I had 
killed and placed carefully to lure it out. My ever-so-elusive target.
My eyes locked onto the large, gray cat that I had named Clawed because it had four, 
long gashes across its back. Clawed and I had gotten close during the time spent trying 
to hunt for silver panthers. This particular oversized cat was by far the most cunning 
of the silver panthers that I had come across and the most arrogant; which was why I 
had decided that Clawed would be my target.
I focused back on the cat just a few meters away from me as Clawed stopped and 
looked around, ready to escape at a moment's notice.
I patiently waited for him to draw near, making sure to keep any traces of my presence 
hidden. Coalescing the raw mana around me with the purified mana inside my body, I 
prepared my attack. As I gathered mana in my legs and right arm, I lowered myself 
carefully into an ideal position since he couldn’t see me anyway, making sure I didn’t 
set off the bell.
The muscles in my calves and thighs twitched in anticipation at the thought of finally 
being able to catch that elusive cat. Right when Clawed bent down to continue its 
lunch, I propelled myself forward and struck at a speed that would’ve shocked my old 
self.
The distance I near-instantly cleared from my initial position to where I now was - in 
front of Clawed - measured out to be roughly six meters, but somehow Clawed had 
already disappeared before my attack could connect.
My augmented fist sunk deep into the soft dirt floor, the silver panther nowhere in 
sight.
“Damn it! Again?” I cursed, impatiently prying my buried hand from underneath the 
ground.
‘Where did I go wrong? How could it react so fast?’ I thought as I looked back at where 
I was initially positioned. The location was close enough for me to cover 
instantaneously. I was well-hidden inside the bushes, and I had even gone through 
lengths to mask any smell from my body that might set it off. It was all supposed to be 
perfect. My execution of the technique I had been training in was near perfect.
I kneeled down, inspecting the pawprints of Clawed and my own footprints. I was 
missing something, but what?
I could see where I landed after using Burst relative to where Clawed had been 
positioned, but something about the markings on the ground didn’t add up.
Settling down against a nearby tree, I closed my eyes, replaying the scene in my mind 
to see if I could figure out where I went wrong.
“Windsom wouldn’t have made me acquire a silver panther beast core unless it proved 
to teach me something different than hunting raptor squirrels,” I said aloud. “In terms 
of speed, the raptor squirrel was definitely faster than a silver panther. So why couldn’t 
I kill one?”
Arriving at no satisfying conclusion, I decided to make my way back.
Looking at the remains of the raptor squirrels Clawed had been feasting on, I clicked 
my tongue in annoyance. Not only was I unable to capture Clawed, but there were also 
barely any scraps left of the raptor squirrels for me to eat.
After packing what was left of the mangled squirrel, I wiped the dirt and blood off me 
at a nearby stream. Seeing as I only had one set of clothes, I tried to make sure it stayed 
clean, but through the weeks of hiking and training in these woods, my wardrobe had 
become tattered.
“Arthur, you are not easy to look at,” I said derisively to my reflection in the stream. My 
hair was disheveled and much longer now, my bangs reaching all the way to my chin. 
The bags underneath my eyes had turned purplish from lack of sleep. All in all, little 
remained of my former, hygienic self; replacing it was some unintelligent-looking 
brute.
It was hard for me to believe that more than a month had passed since the last time I 
had any actual interaction with someone other than the animals I had caught.
Windsom had visited me the night I had finally been able to capture a raptor squirrel. 
He hadn’t said much with his permanently disinterested expression except that the 
technique, or rather, the preface of it that I had self-taught, was called Mirage Walk. He 
had disappeared soon after, leaving me by my lonesome to eat the lean meat of a 
raptor squirrel’s hind leg.
The next morning, I had set out in search of the next prey on my list, a silver panther. 
However, it had become fairly obvious during the weeks that I had spent inside the 
forest, training to catch more raptor squirrels, that there were no signs of larger mana 
beasts at all.
Thus, leading me to venture out further into the woods despite the dangers that 
might’ve followed. It wasn’t until about three weeks of trekking deeper into the forest 
that I had begun seeing different species of mana beasts; larger ones as well.
I would’ve cleared more ground in those three weeks had I not been using the journey 
itself as a form of training.
Burst or Burst Step.
That was what I had decided to name the first sequence of Mirage Walk. Windsom had 
only mentioned that what I had done to catch the raptor squirrel was only a mere 
introductory step of the actual essence of Mirage Walk, but he had refused to divulge 
any more information than that. However, seeing that the technique I used had certain 
steps or levels to reach full mastery, I had decided to name this first tier Burst Step.
I had traversed through the forest, using the abundance of trees as a natural obstacle 
course to practice, hoping to gain some insight to improve the skill.
Going through with this training had made me realize how much concentration, 
coordination, reflexes, control, and agility one needed to utilize the full potential of 
Mirage Walk properly. I had succeeded in capturing a raptor squirrel with Burst Step 
only because I had made the necessary preparations to be able to. It had been a flat 
clearing with no obstructions to get in my way. The distance was short, and within 
view, it had no time even to react.
However, trying to travel through the lush greenery, congested with trees and uneven 
ground, to get a foothold using only Mirage Walk had made me feel as though I was an 
infant again, except this time with my feet tied together. It was terribly frustrating, 
tripping over the slightest misstep, even the faintest miscalculation in trajectory 
resulted in a not-so-elegant tumble and a face full of mud; slowly and painstakingly, I 
made my way deeper into the woods.
It had been over a week since I first arrived at this particular domain. The mana in this 
area was much denser than where I had been before, which was probably one of the 
reasons why it was so appealing to higher level mana beasts.
And here I was, still with nothing to show for besides the number of tears in my shirt 
and holes in the soles of my boots.
As I finished washing myself, I inspected the leftover meat I had brought back. “This 
isn’t enough,” I sighed looking up at the sky.
Dusk had spread a thin veil of darkness over the forest, but it was still light enough to 
hunt. I laid out some mushrooms I had picked along the way and waited, crouching 
underneath a large root eight meters away. With my level of mastery, I could clear 
almost ten meters in an instant using Burst Step without triggering the bell.
As I waited, keeping my presence hidden, I observed carefully for any signs of 
movement. There was faint sound of rustling, but it came from above me, somewhere 
up in the trees. Glancing up, the last glint of sunlight reflected off the eyes of the 
predator. It was some sort of large, black bird.
As the forest completely darkened, the bird and I waited, hoping for any signs of our 
next meal.
Finally, I locked onto the figure of a lone raptor squirrel. Before the squirrel drew close 
enough to be in range for me to kill, the black bird had already decided to take action.
I barely glimpsed the faint shadow of the bird diving down; no noise made whatsoever. 
It wasn’t unnaturally fast like the raptor squirrel or silver panther, but at night, it was 
near impossible to see this predatory bird.
As the black blur drew closer to the unsuspecting prey, something unexpected 
happened. The bird, nearly invisible to the naked eye, spread its wings and let out a 
loud crow.
The squirrel immediately jumped, but the crow seemed to have been expecting that 
because, instead of swooping down where the squirrel had been, it stretched out its 
talons to where it leaped away.
That whole scene looked as if the squirrel simply leaped into the claws of the bird, 
wanting to be its next meal.
I had lost my meal to the bird, but I gained something much more valuable instead.
“Hehe.” Hoping to be able to put my plan into action, I waited again. As I predicted, the 
bird had finished its meal and was waiting patiently in a different tree. The bird’s 
wingspan alone was about larger than mine so I knew that one squirrel wouldn’t be 
enough.
About half an hour passed when another raptor squirrel finally emerged. As its three 
antenna-like tails surveyed for danger, it cautiously approached the small pile of 
mushrooms.
On cue, I saw the swift blur of black out of the corner of my eyes.
Not yet.
It happened again. Right when the black bird swooped down and stretched out its 
talons, the raptor squirrel appeared as if it jumped right into the bird’s grasp.
Now!
Using Burst Step, I cleared the eight meters between us, and before the black bird had 
even the chance to react, I reached for its neck.
The bird let out a surprised crow as it flapped desperately to escape my hand. To my 
surprise, however, the greedy bird never let go of its meal even as I snapped its neck.
“Yes!” I couldn’t seem to wipe the smile off my face as I made my way back to my camp 
with my two trophies. I was happy that I would have something tastier to eat than the 
tough and lean squirrel meat, but I was even more satisfied with the fact that I had 
figured out how Clawed and the rest of his brethren had been escaping from me every 
single time.
It didn’t take long for me to get back to my camp, which was just a hollow log I had 
covered with branches and leaves to protect me from the rain.
Eagerly plucking the feathers off of the bird so that its fat-coated skin would still be 
intact, I grilled it over the fire I had made alongside with the skinned raptor squirrel. 
Chewing on the tender meat of the bird’s thigh, I started thinking.
I had uncovered two things as I saw the black bird capturing the raptor squirrel: First, 
the bird was stealthy and swift, but its speed couldn’t compare to that of a raptor 
squirrel. It was able to because it knew that when it made itself known, the squirrel 
would try to flee in a particular direction. The second thing I had deduced was the 
significance of my involvement in this. As a third party spectator, I was able to see the 
bird beforehand, and I immediately knew what its motives were even before it had 
attacked, something the squirrel had no way of knowing.
“But this still doesn’t explain how I can catch Clawed,” I muttered to myself, ripping 
out another bite of grilled fowl.
Based on all of my failed attempts, I knew by now that Clawed and the rest of his kind 
had some hyperacute intuition that allowed him to react near instantly at the sight of 
my movement. I also knew that, unlike the bird and squirrel that I was feasting on, 
Clawed was smart. There had been several occasions where he would get close enough 
to me that I knew he was mocking me, but as soon as I got in a stance, he fled even 
before I could execute Burst Step. He was smart to a level where he knew he could 
evade me, but not fight me face-to-face.
Finishing the last of my meal, I walked over to the side of my camp where I had cleared 
some space for me to train.
I stood at the edge of the open space and imagined Clawed to be lurking at the other 
end. “How am I supposed to catch a cat that reacts as soon as I try to approach it?”
Approach… approach? That was it! It was just like the black bird! The bird had tricked 
the squirrel by intentionally exposing itself, using it as a feint to get the squirrel into 
the air where it couldn’t change direction.
Even when Kordri, an asura, had used Burst Step, it was still essentially still a single 
step. Corresponding muscles were still used to propel himself towards me. Even 
though the essence of Mirage Walk was to conceal fluctuation of mana to throw off the 
opponent completely, I still had to move the muscles that were responsible for making 
that one, incredibly fast, step.
But what if I could get rid of that?
What if I could almost entirely void the motion needed for me to make that step? 
Appearing as if I had truly teleported from even a standstill position.
If I could do that, I could, in theory, feint Clawed.
But how do I come up with a way to make Burst Step into something that would bypass 
the need to control the muscles mechanically?
I’d imagine if I were any other mage or mana manipulator in this world, I would’ve 
thought of it as impossible, but I had one crucial advantage: Knowledge from my past 
life.
Due to my mediocre ki center, I had studied in-depth about the human body, namely 
the working mechanics of what went into essentially putting the human body into 
movement. It was through this knowledge that I had been able to fully utilize the little 
ki I had inside me to become a king.
Shutting my eyes, I used the entirety of my concentration as I spread mana throughout 
every crevice, no matter how micro, of the inside of my body.
When I opened my eyes, the sun was already high up in the sky. Sweat and grime 
covered my body as I slowly stretched my stiff body that had been standing still for 
hours. But I was happy. Ecstatic.
Not only had I reached a breakthrough to get me at the very peak of the light yellow 
stage, but I had also figured it out.
“I got it,” I grinned.
The quadriceps located at the front of the thighs; they were responsible for pushing 
the thigh and leg forward. The hamstrings were the quadriceps’ opposing muscles, 
responsible for bending the leg and moving it backward. The glutes were crucial to 
complete the backward movement of the step. The abdominal muscles would contract 
during each forward step. The calf muscles, albeit smaller, were actually among the 
most heavily used muscles that propelled the body forward as the foot pushed off the 
ground. These were just the primary muscles.
The secondary muscles that also needed to be taken into account were the stabilizing 
muscles located around the pelvis. These series of muscles formed a crown around 
the pelvis, which included the internal and external abductors, I think they were 
called, the lower abdominal muscles and the spinal muscles located in the back. The 
tibialis… something, the thin strip of muscle that helped you flex the ankle in order to 
move the foot towards the knee, was also used to make sure the foot wouldn’t flatten, 
creating a greater chance of scraping against the ground or an object.
The body had an intricate muscular system that worked in pairs, each responsible for 
half of a complete movement. The biceps flexed when the arm curled towards the 
shoulder, while the triceps triggered when the arm straightened out. The mechanisms 
inside the body were even more complex when putting the body into motion, such as 
walking, running, or jumping.
This knowledge hadn’t been all that useful until now because of my rather exceptional 
physique in mana. However, in the case where I needed to further evolve the first 
sequence of Mirage Walk, I would need to utilize all of this knowledge and a step above 
that, eventually putting it into application.
“Damn!” I lifted my arms to catch myself as I toppled forward onto the pile of leaves I 
had fashioned into a bed.
Noticing that the sun had already set, I went back to my camp and retrieved a few 
strips of squirrel meat that I had smoked prior so that I didn’t have to keep hunting.
“I really wish I could use the aether orb for this,” I muttered, looking down at the 
charred, tasteless meat in my hand.
I had made significant progress since I first put on hiatus my hunt for Clawed and 
devoted all of my time and energy into training this past week, splitting the days into 
practicing Burst Step and refining my mana core. The remaining two or three hours 
were used for sleep.
However, the more I practiced, the more I hungered to master this movement 
technique. With the tweak I had made using my previous knowledge of human 
anatomy, Mirage Walk would become even more refined, theoretically. Not only would 
it be instant and versatile, but it would also be as deadly as it was elegant.
The basics of Burst Step that I had first succeeded in executing looked almost like a 
wide leap, granted that it was still incredibly fast. This was because, although mana 
couldn’t be sensed under the effects of Mirage Walk, there was still a stance and a 
series of motions that needed to be made in order for the human body to be able to 
take that step.
Kordri, even as an asura, using Burst Step in his human form, also couldn’t ignore the 
mechanisms of his body despite his superior physique.
What I was working my way towards was consciously and deliberately manipulating 
mana, channeling it into specific muscles at a certain progression with precise timing 
to artificially trigger a sequence in my body that mimicked the use of muscles without 
actually having the need to maneuver.
If I could get the timing and output of mana controlled perfectly, I would be capable of 
something even Kordri couldn’t do—execute Mirage Walk in, but not limited to, an 
orthostatic or standing position.
“Gah, even thinking about it was confusing,” I relented. Finishing my dinner, I headed 
back to the clearing I had crudely optimized in the last week.
Standing about five meters away from the bed of leaves that was made to soften my 
fall, I concentrated. Willing mana to manipulate my muscles was a lot like using your 
thoughts to make a dummy move. Most of the movements that people do were 
automatically done; I didn’t have to think of what muscles I needed to use to breathe. 
However, since I would be using a mediating factor, mana, in order to generate an 
action from my body, it was like learning to move all over again.
“Ugh.” I spat out the mouthful of leaves and wiped my tongue with my sleeve. Getting 
back up, I returned to my initial position and concentrated again, disregarding the 
increasing aches in my legs.
I had somewhat succeeded in propelling myself using the bare minimum amount of 
movement, but coming to a proper stop was another, huge obstacle that I was having 
trouble overcoming.
Just like how a toddler couldn’t control how far or high he jumped, using mana to 
manipulate the inner workings of my body had made it hopelessly difficult for me to 
control.
However, at least the initial step and the very foundation of Mirage Walk where I 
manipulated atmospheric mana to conceal the fluctuations of mana in my body had 
become much easier for me. I still needed to balance the capacity of my mana veins to 
my mana channels for me to better control this, but I didn’t have time for that now.
After I had properly hidden my presence, I imagined the muscular system in my body. 
Recalling all the muscles responsible for using Burst Step, I tried once again.
Interrelated parts of the body required for movement lit up on the imaginary figure of 
myself in my head to better conceptualize the specific order that I had willed the mana 
to trigger. I could feel the corresponding muscles pulse as mana coursed through in 
the sequence I had commanded. With just the slight shift of my left leg and the aid of 
mana, the landscape around me blurred as I executed Burst Step from a standing 
upright position.
Despite the mana I had willed to reinforce my legs from the stress, a sharp pain 
coursed through my lower body.
“Woah!” I yelped as I tumbled forward onto the pile of leaves once again.
I had failed again in coming to a full stop. Even if mana could help me with the initial 
burst of speed, it was much harder to stop in the exact position and location that I had 
wanted to.
Letting out a defeated sigh, I continued practicing.
As the sun sank and a crescent moon shifted into view, I laid there in the bed of leaves 
staring vacantly at the night sky. Raising my hand, I pinched at where the moon 
appeared to be with my fingers. The moon looked so small from here… how small did 
I appear to be to the moon?
I focused on the left arm that I had lifted, staring at the feather Sylvia had given me to 
cover the orb with and the dragon will she had imparted to me.
This, and Sylvie, were all I had left of the asura that had saved me, taken care of me, 
and protected me as a child. Would training like this really allow me to hear from her 
again, eventually?
Reminiscing my time with her had made long for everyone else. Despite how poorly 
we had parted, I missed my family.
“Enough, Arthur.” I slapped my cheeks and sat up from the pile of leaves. There were 
only so many hours in a day, and I couldn’t afford to waste more out here in this 
godforsaken forest.
Taking a deep breath, I began cultivating my mana core. It had been a slow process 
once I got to the light-yellow stage. I was chipping away at a mountain with only a 
spoon in my hand, but there was definite progress.
I got lost in the ever-cumbersome process of absorbing, purifying, and refining when 
the familiar chirps of morning birds snapped me out of my meditation.
I was covered in sweat and grime as my body expelled the impurities in my mana core, 
making me not only filthy but hungry as well.
Looking at the remains of smoked meat I had left, I would have to hunt today. After 
gnawing through the remainder of my charred squirrel, I packed my water pouch and 
departed.
Keeping my mind placid and my presence hidden with Mirage Walk, I slowly trekked 
deeper into the dense forest. It had been harder for me to find wildlife near camp, so 
every time I hunted, I needed to go a bit deeper.
By the time I noticed, however, I realized that the forest had gotten much quieter. Birds 
chirped in the nearby distance, but there were no signs of raptor squirrels or other 
mana beasts in the vicinity
“Hmm,” I muttered, surveying the area. Releasing the use of Mirage Walk, I 
concentrated mana into my ears. I wasn’t able to hear anything at first, but after a few 
minutes I caught on to a faint noise. It sounded like a growl. I couldn’t tell how far away 
it was, but the sound was familiar; there was a silver panther nearby.
I got a little closer, making sure to hide my presence again. I enhanced my hearing once 
again, but this time, I was able to make out more noise. I could hear the faint gurgling 
sound of running water, and a bit past that to the northeast. What I also noticed was 
that it wasn’t just one silver panther. There were two panthers in the same vicinity.
“That’s odd,” I noted. My understanding of the silver panthers, from what I’d seen so 
far, was that they were territorial amongst each other and hunted by themselves.
Perhaps they were fighting over territory? That would certainly explain the lack of 
prey in the vicinity…
Implementing Mirage Walk again, I hastily made my way towards the ensuing battle. 
I couldn’t help but grin at my luck.
My speculation had been correct; as I stealthily approached the sound of the silver 
panthers, I spotted their distinct silver coat near a small clearing of trees alongside a 
cliff. It was impossible to tell how deep down the fall was from here, but just from the 
fact that there was a good two hundred yards from here to the other end of the chasm, 
and I couldn’t see the ground meant that if those silver panthers fell off, it wouldn’t be 
easy for me to retrieve their bodies.
Hiding behind a nearby tree, I observed. It was easy to figure out that they were clearly 
hostile to one another, but what caught me by surprise was that one of the silver 
panther was Clawed; the distinct scars on his back made him easily distinguishable. 
His opponent, on the other hand, was unfamiliar to me. He was clearly larger, but by 
the fresh wounds on its face and side, it seemed like Clawed had the upper hand.
As the two mana beasts slowly circled each other, they let out a low gnarl, baring their 
sharp teeth.
The opponent was the first to make a move. The larger cat pounced with its claws held 
high as it let out a fierce snarl.
Clawed reacted instantly, dodging the swipe and countering with his teeth. I became 
captivated by their fight. Since silver panthers had innately accelerated reflexes and 
intuition, their exchanges were a relentless flurry of continuous dodging and 
countering, neither of them incurring any deep wounds. However, for every gash that 
the larger panther had made, Clawed had given him three in return.
As their battle continued, I didn’t know why, but my heart began pounding restlessly. 
I was anxious about something, afraid. I had been so caught up in their duel that I 
didn’t realize how deadly quiet the forest had become, almost mute. There were no 
sound of birds chirping or mana beasts moving; there wasn’t much as a rustling sound 
coming from the trees as if even the wind was afraid of something.
Clawed seemed to have noticed as well because he began behaving very cautiously. 
His fur was standing on end, his tail sticking straight up as he constantly sniffed for 
something. The larger cat, unaware of the disturbance, took advantage of the opening 
and pounced at Clawed. Dodging his opponent, Clawed instead turned and started 
running away.
I didn’t get it. There was something going on, but I couldn’t sense any other presence 
from here. Why did Clawed run away like that when he was winning?
Putting aside my wariness, I took action against the larger silver panther that 
remained. He was injured, and his escape routes were limited because of the cliff.
Spotting me, the larger cat began growling, lowering itself into a posture to flee. It 
knew instinctively that, in its state, it had no chance against me.
The air around us grew heavier as it became harder to breathe, but I maintained my 
stance.
Now!
The moment I lifted my foot up, the silver panther leaped to the side.
“Got you,” I smirked. Ignoring my protesting legs, I executed Burst Step from my 
standing position, using the fake step as a feint to get him to move. My surroundings 
blurred, my eyes focused only on the movement of the wounded mana beast. I had 
succeeded in cutting him off, but the distance I had cleared was insufficient by just 
over a meter.
As I lost my balance, I desperately grabbed onto the panther’s neck with my arms and 
held on tightly.
“Gah!” My body jerked unnaturally from the abrupt change in direction and I left was 
hanging onto the silver panther with all of my strength.
“You’re mine!” I hissed between my teeth as I used mana to strengthen my hold on 
him. My only hope was to choke him.
The panther I was riding on let out a vicious snarl as it whipped its head, trying to 
throw me off but I endured. Its sharp claws tore at my clothes, ripping fresh wounds 
on my sides and legs before it buckled feebly from lack of air.
Just when I thought the panther was about to relent, it suddenly jerked. As if 
possessed, it used the last of its strength to throw itself backward. By the time I 
realized what it had done, the ground underneath us was gone as we plummeted down 
the steep gorge.
Hurtling down, I was reminded of a very similar scene from when I was just a toddler, 
thrown off the edge of the mountain in order to save my mother.
A thousand scenarios ran through my head as I struggled to decide on the best option 
to take. The silver panther that had dragged me down to hell was out cold from my 
choke and was helplessly falling beneath me.
Uttering a string of curses, I slowly balanced myself on top of the unconscious mana 
beast and exerted mana into my legs. The scene around me was a constant blur from 
the speed that we were dropping.
“Windsom would understand!” I convinced myself aloud as I propelled myself off the 
panther.
With the push, I had slowed down but not nearly enough, and there was no place to 
grab onto on the edge of the cliff.
Another scene flashed into my head; it was the time when I had fallen down the hole 
in the dungeon, Widow’s Crypt.
‘Was falling down deep chasms going to be some sort of reoccurring theme in my life?’
A surge of wind gathered into my palms as I stared straight down at the approaching 
ground, concentrating on coalescing my mana into the spell.
Now!
[Typhon’s Howl]
Releasing the spell gathered my palms, the blast of wind surged toward the ground, a 
deafening screech echoing throughout the steep ravine.
Gritting through the pain in my arms as they held the brunt of the strain from the 
recoil, I continued exerting mana into the spell.
I could feel the force of the spell negating my fall as I came to a slow hover. Suspending 
Typhon’s Howl, I dropped down the remaining few meters onto the ground in the 
center of the blast radius.
A thick cloud of dust had arisen from where my spell had collided with the dirt floor, 
impeding my vision. Masking my mouth and nose from the debris in the air, I began 
making my way out of the dust cloud when an earth-shattering roar resounded.
After the thunderous howl had subsided, the ground shook once again at the sound of 
heavy footsteps approaching me.
The force of each resonating stomp threw me off balance. Immediately, I dashed 
toward the edge of the gorge, praying to whatever divine being that ruled this realm 
that the cause of such devastating sounds were from an earthquake.
As I made my way toward the edge of the ravine, desperately looking for any place to 
hide, a deep thud shook the ground. A surge of wind then blew toward me, dispersing 
the cloud of debris that had been my only source of cover.
It was too late to hide.
Whipping my body to face my new enemy, I waited for the last of the dust to clear. 
Heavy footsteps approached my direction and the suffocating pressure I felt from the 
top of the cliff had been magnified tenfold.
Out from the fog of rubble, the shadowed figure stepped out into full view, leaving me 
all the more confused.
Letting out another devastating roar, it took another step toward me. “For two meals 
to fall in front of my home just before my deep slumber, how lucky of me.”
I didn’t know what to expect when coming face to face with the titan bear, but I sure 
as hell didn’t expect it would be half my size and have the ability to talk. Titan bear my 
ass, there was nothing ‘titan’ about it. Maybe it was just a cub? In which case, this was 
a good opportunity.
I stood my ground, not knowing how to proceed. I would’ve rather avoided a direct 
confrontation with this mana beast until I knew more about it. The pressure the beast 
had emitted was no joke, despite its appearance. If this titan bear was only just a cub, 
I wouldn’t want to have anything to do with a full grown one. Or maybe it was an adult 
titan bear, and it had the ability to alter its size like Sylvie?
The titan bear looked down, regarding the dead panther in front of him before turning 
his gaze back to me. “This meal isn’t going anywhere. I should start with you,” the 
beast, less than a meter tall, growled, licking its lips.
There was no way for me to get out of this without fighting. Lowering my stance, I 
prepared to fight. I had expected the titan bear to come charging at me, but it stood in 
place.
Abruptly, the mana beast thrust its paw in my direction, somehow propelling me 
backward.
The bell tied to my waist rang mockingly as I tumbled on the hard ground.
“Guh!” I gasped for breath, relieved that it wasn’t blood that I had just choked out.
‘What the hell was that? It felt like I was shot in the stomach by a cannon.’ Getting back 
on my feet, I concentrated on the titan bear that was about ten meters away.
“Ooh! A tough meal,” the bear snickered. The sight of a bear, no higher than my elbow, 
standing on two legs and speaking coherently was an odd sight, but I had no room to 
be amused.
His attack just now was definitely some kind of long range spell, but I couldn’t 
understand why I had felt no mana.
The bear slowly lifted his paw, as if mocking me. As soon as the titan bear swung down, 
I activated Mirage Walk and used Burst Step.
My jaw clenched as I gritted through the ache that had intensified throughout the past 
several days.
A sharp pain suddenly came from my left leg. Looking down, I could see fresh blood 
flowing from a gash on the back of my calf.
I had expected the attack to be like the last one, but this invisible spell had taken the 
form of something sharp.
This attack as well; I wasn’t able to sense it.
The smile on the titan bear’s face was gone. It seemed like he wasn’t expecting me to 
dodge another one of his attacks.
“Stop running!” It growled, swinging his paw once more.
Immediately dropping to the floor, I narrowly avoided the slash attack, the severed 
tips of my hair sprinkling down on my nose.
It was a risky gamble, but through that last attack, I was able to figure it out. When he 
slashed with his paw, the attack that was released was also a sharp slash. When he 
punched with his paw, like he had for the first move, a blunt force was shot out.
The titan punched at me from the distance, sending another invisible cannon my way. 
Even when I concentrated mana into my eyes, I wasn’t able to see the attack, leaving 
me no choice but to blindly throw myself out of the way.
The mana beast’s spell hit my side and I felt ribs cracking. Not giving me time to 
prepare again, the bear swung his other paw, releasing another spell immediately 
after his first one.
I made too wide of a movement to dodge the previous attack for me to be able to avoid 
this one as well.
Gritting my teeth, I willed more mana to protect my body, waiting for the brunt of the 
next attack.
The force of the titan bear’s spell knocked me off the ground. Blood spurted from my 
chest as four horizontal gashes formed just below my collar bone.
“Damn,” I coughed out, suppressing the searing pain. I wouldn’t be able to handle any 
more direct hits.
I needed to get close to it, but to do that, I needed to be able to dodge the titan bear’s 
attacks.
The titan bear, aware of my vulnerable state, began smirking confidently again. I 
wasn’t sure how the titan bear was able to manifest those nearly imperceivable spells, 
but there was one way of discerning it.
Standing back up, shakily, I waited. To the titan bear, it must’ve looked like I had given 
up because its smile got even wider as it began licking its lips again in anticipation.
Just as the titan bear lifted its paw up, I firmly kicked the ground in front of me, 
creating a cloud of dust, covering me from view.
Four slivers immediately sliced through the dust cloud I had made between the beast 
and me, allowing me to just barely see how wide the attack was before I immediately 
used Burst Step to avoid it.
“Damn it,” I spat through gritted teeth from the sharp pangs of protest in my legs.
Rolling on the ground and back onto my feet, I prepared myself again. I knew the 
hitbox of one of his attacks now, and I could make do with that. However, I still needed 
to be able to completely dodge the attack in the least amount of movement as possible 
if I’m going to dodge all of his attacks and clear the distance between us.
Thoughts of Kordri’s training popped into my head, and I couldn’t help but reveal a 
helpless smile. Either this was some big coincidence, or Windsom was indeed a 
calculative devil.
I glimpsed the impatient titan bear release another attack, this time with a thrust of 
his paw. I immediately kicked up another cloud of dust to buy time, but the bell 
attached to me constantly gave away my position. Reacting immediately as a hole tore 
through the cloud of dust, I forced another Burst Step.
“The more you run, the more painful it’ll be for you and the less of you there’ll be left 
for me to eat.” The mana beast let foul chuckle that didn’t match his cute appearance.
“Okay! I won’t run anymore!” I stood still with my hands up.
I could clearly make out the almost human-like expression of a triumphant sneer on 
the bear’s face as it casually released another slicing attack with the swipe of its paw.
I barely had the time to swallow back a choke as I executed the modified Burst Step I 
had been working on.
As I willed mana into the proper muscles at the precise timing while strengthening my 
bones to help withstand the force of this abrupt stimulation, I heard a sharp crack 
from my legs before I was hit with the all-too-familiar sensation of high-speed motion 
just as the titan bear’s blunt spell pressed against my chest.
My body shifted less than a meter to the right, and the attack that was supposed cave 
my chest in just barely grazed my left shoulder.
Even more blood began flowing out from the deep gash on my left leg from the sudden 
pressure I had exerted to use Burst Step; a small crater had formed beneath my legs 
from the sheer force of the movement. Despite the success of my new movement skill, 
the explosion of pain that was growing increasingly unbearable had filled me with 
doubt.
Through sheer will and my own stubbornness to win this fight against my unruly body, 
I choked down the pain as I concentrated more mana to my lower body.
The titan bear stared at me, confused at first but it’s gaze soon turned sour as it 
narrowed its eyes in irritation.
Before it had the chance to release its next attack, I kicked at the ground again, creating 
a cloud of debris to separate us.
I had less than a second to dodge the bear’s attack once it passed through the dust 
cloud, and I was willing to bet the next assault wouldn’t be just a single attack.
In the midst of this game of dodging the lethal attacks, I had figured out the basis of 
successfully implementing my new Burst Step. Just as I had to coordinate the mana in 
my muscles to propel my body, I had to mirror the progression of mana flow in my 
body to stop the movement as well.
The ground underneath my feet had sunken, once again, due to the force I had to expel 
in order to come to a stop, but it had worked again.
The cloud of dust I had created was torn into pieces a flurry of attacks from the titan 
bear headed straight at me.
Burst.
My vision blurred as I propelled myself to the right. The rigid ground cracked at the 
force of my landing about two meters away. The first step had me gritting in pain but 
using Burst Step again had sent an explosion of agony through my lower body as the 
muscles and bones inside me nearly gave out from the stress.
Just as the bell rang, giving away my position, I locked my mouth into a determined 
snarl and swallowed back any screams of pain that were building up in my throat, and
executed Burst Step once more to reach my opponent. The titan bear’s head spun at 
the sound of my bell, but by that time, I had already closed the gap.
The bear’s dark eyes widened as its maw opened in surprise. Through the haze of pain, 
I let out a brash smirk. Mana had already been concentrated into my fist to the degree 
that it was glowing slightly.
The titan bear flailed back. “Wai—”
My augmented fist buried itself into tiny bear’s stomach, creating a loud thud on 
impact before the mana beast’s body shot towards the edge of the ravine, crashing into 
the rocky cliff from where I fell.
My legs, numb from the pain, finally relented and the cold ground was soon pressed 
up against my cheek. Using the last of my remaining strength, I tore off the bell from 
my waist and crushed it in my hand before my vision darkened and an alluring call 
beckoned me to sleep.
WINDSOM’S POV:
Arriving down at the gorge, I inspected the scene. There was a silver panther sprawled 
out, dead, with the ground dyed in blood beneath it. Nearby boulders had deep gashes 
while there were craters in the ground and wall surrounding them.
‘What exactly had happened here?’ I spotted the boy on the ground and a crater 
depressed onto the cliff that surrounded this ravine.
‘The boy came all the way down here?’ Arthur was in a rather pitiful state. Tearing off 
the last of his tattered clothes, he had at least three broken ribs, and the gashes on his 
chest had reached too deep to be considered a mere flesh wound. However, the most 
concerning injuries were surprisingly on his legs, as they had become blotched with a 
sickly purple and red color from extensive internal bleeding. I couldn’t make out the 
gravity of his wounds, but it had to be treated soon.
‘Was it wrong of me to have left Arthur alone like this? Lord Indrath had ordered me 
to give the boy some room to grow on his own, but seeing the state he was in now, he 
could’ve died.’
After treating the boy, I focused my attention on the creature in the center of the blast 
radius on the ravine’s rocky wall.
“Hmm?” It looked like the cub of a titan bear, but that didn’t make sense. A cub of this 
size didn’t even have the strength to defend itself; it shouldn’t have been able to injure 
the boy like this.
A full grown titan bear would stand at least three meters tall, possessing superior 
defense with its thick coat, but even a full grown one wouldn’t be able to cause this 
much devastation…
Unless…
Just as I took a closer look at the titan bear cub, its body started writhing unnaturally. 
Suddenly, its stomach bulged before a black tentacle erupted from inside the dead 
mana beast, wriggling frantically before it slumped.
“Of course.” Despite the situation, a content smile formed on my face.
‘That explained everything, but to think that Arthur was able to defeat one,’ I sighed.
Demon leech. It was a truly rare specimen that was as intelligent as it was foul native 
only to Epheotus. By itself, it was weak, but when it latched onto a mana beast, it was 
able to possess its body and strengthen its host’s core to ridiculous degrees.
Seeing how large the demon leech had grown inside the cub, it was easy to guess that 
this monster was definitely levels stronger than a mere titan bear.
The boy was lucky that the cub’s body was still fragile. If the leech had possessed a full 
grown titan bear…
There was no use postulating alternate possibilities. I’m sure it wasn’t done with 
intent, but Arthur had done right in aiming for the stomach of the cub since this was 
where the demon leech resided. If the leech had had the strength to make its way to 
Arthur’s body while he was unconscious, even Lord Indrath wouldn’t have been able 
to save the boy without crippling him.
Prying the demon leech from inside the corpse, I crushed the parasite in my hand.
“Here you are.” Left in my hand was a shiny white orb that the demon leech had been 
refining inside the titan bear.
I picked up the boy, placing the white orb inside his mouth. “Your difficulties have paid 
off for you tremendously, Arthur.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
Even before I was able to open my eyes, the first thing I became aware of was the soft 
creaking of footsteps on old wood. Echoes of groaning floorboards resounded in my 
ears, allowing me to get a vague grasp of the size of the room I was held in.
An array of intoxicating smells—rich with unfamiliar herbs and spices—bombarded 
my senses, distracting me from anything else. Opening my eyes, the first thing to 
welcome me was the underside of a cottage roof. Besides the parched coarseness of 
my tongue from lack of water, my body felt fine; or at least, I thought, until I tried 
moving.
To my horror, there was no response when I tried to lift my legs; there was no 
sensation or feedback when I tried moving anything from the waist down. I 
immediately lifted the blankets covering my lower body, only to see that my legs had 
been completely bandaged and fashioned tightly to a wooden splint to keep them from 
moving.
“Your legs are fine, Child. I just had to numb them so that you wouldn’t be up all night 
from the pain,” a gentle, yet slightly brittle voice stirred my attention.
Turning to the origin of the kind voice, I was met with a tender smile from a woman 
well past her youth, seasoned with the signs of refined aging. While wrinkles marked 
her face, they did nothing to hide her dignified and graceful demeanor. Dressed in a 
simple gray robe to match her hair tied tightly in the back to come down in a braid, 
my caretaker approached me with sparkling eyes.
Letting out a sigh of relief at her words, I sank back down in the bed. “How do you feel, 
Child?” she cooed, placing a warm hand on my forehead.
I blinked uncomprehendingly. The last thing I remembered was landing a solid blow 
on the titan bear before passing out. I turned my head around, scanning my 
surroundings. I was in a spacious room, well-lit and heated by a fire crackling in a 
stone fireplace. Beside it was a small kitchen muddled with pots and pans of all sizes 
either hanging on the wall or stacked high on top of each other. Besides the worn 
upholstered couches placed around the fireplace and a small dining table in front of 
the kitchen, there was little else inside this cottage.
“Confused, are you?” the aged woman chuckled.
“Yeah,” I replied hoarsely before breaking down into a fit of coughs. The woman 
promptly got up from her seat beside me and came back with a mug of lukewarm 
water. After a few deep gulps of what tasted like liquid heaven, I felt confident enough 
to form cohesive words.
“Thank you…”
“—Myre. You can simply call me Myre, Child,” the lady finished for me, taking the 
empty mug from my hands.
As I sat there, a searing pain started creeping up my legs, as if a liquid fire had soaked 
them.
Mistaking my pained expression for fright, Myre let out a soft chuckle. “Don’t worry, I 
won’t eat you. Although, I did technically kind of steal you away from Windsom. Lucky 
I did, though. If I had gotten my hands on you any later, I’m afraid your legs would’ve 
taken a lot longer to heal.”
“I-It’s not that. My legs…” I managed to voice out through gritted teeth.
“Seems like the medicinal rub has lost its effect already." Placing the mug down on the 
nightstand beside me, Myre began to lift the only thing keeping me from being 
completely naked.
My hands immediately reached down to cover myself between my legs, which 
prompted another soft chuckle from my caretaker. Carefully folding the sheets so that 
only my legs were exposed, she gently hovered her hand over my bandaged legs.
As Myre began unwrapping the bandages, I was able to finally see the full extent of 
injuries my legs had incurred. I couldn’t help but grow puzzled by the sight of my bare 
legs. Scars that I never had were strewn across both legs. My knees and ankles had the 
most cuts, but what confused me most was that these scars looked as if they’d been 
on my legs for years.
Cold sweat began forming on my forehead as the pain in my legs got worse. Myre 
began carefully inspecting every inch of my legs after completely removing all of the 
bandages.
After a satisfied nod to herself, she brought over a bucket filled with a very pungent 
herbal liquid. I wordlessly observed my caretaker as she diligently cut and soaked 
strips of cloth and bandaged my legs with nimble fingers. I couldn’t help but fall into 
a trance from her rhythmic and dexterous movements.
“Elder Myre—”
“Please, Arthur, I would much prefer if you just called me Myre,” she cut me off, her 
attention still focused on my legs.
“Er, Myre, how long have I been unconscious for?” I asked, afraid that by my seemingly 
repaired legs, I’d been out for a long time.
“Just over two nights, My Dear." As she finished replacing the last bandage on my left 
calf, she turned to me, her misty green eyes studying me. “Now, how does that feel?"
“Much more comfortable. Thank you,” I assured gratefully as the pain began subsiding 
from the cold gel-like liquid soaked into the new bandages.
Accepting my gratitude with a placid smile, she gathered the used cloth and dumped 
it in a basin filled with water. After pouring some salt-like powder into it, she lifted her 
dress and stepped inside, using her feet to launder the used cloth.
“Myre, you must be exhausted. Let me wash that for you,” I hurriedly expressed as I 
willed mana into my hand, preparing to manipulate the water in the basin.
“No no, it’s fine, My Dear. Doing this gives these old bones a chance to get some 
exercise." She waved my help away with one hand as her other still held the ends of 
her dress.
As I continued staring blankly at her stomping on the drenched cloth, I couldn’t help 
but ask, “Myre, am I—are we—still in Epheotus?"
“Why of course we are, Child. Where else would you have been able to mend the sorry 
state of your legs?” Myre answered, maintaining her rhythmic stepping in the basin.
“My apologies, it’s just that…” My eyes fell to her feet.
“Oh. Well, I suppose it would be easier to do everything I have been doing with mana 
arts, but what fun is that? Even as asuras, there are things that magic can’t simulate. 
For example, the coldness of the water between my toes as the wet cloths wrap around 
my feet. What fun is waving your finger to move the water to do that for you?” she 
expressed, giving me a wink.
Her words baffled me, but I couldn’t hope to understand the perspective of an ancient 
race where magic was ingrained into their very being. “I’m sorry, it’s just that waking 
up in this state was rather confusing to me. Not to be rude, and I’m very thankful for 
your meticulous care, but I just thought that maybe healing mana art would have 
quickened the process of my recovery."
“If a simple healing spell had been cast on you, you’d be barely limping, and your bones 
would’ve taken on an entirely different shape,” the elder chuckled as she willed a towel 
into her hands with a snap.
Walking towards me, she curled her lips into a mischievous smile. “Besides, I did use 
mana art to mend your legs.”
Myre flicked her arm at me and, faster than I was able to react, an icy blast seared 
through my chest.
I immediately sprawled back on the bed, wide-eyed as I stared at the silvery mist that 
had engulfed the wound I had gotten from the titan bear. As the fire diminished, the 
once bleeding gashes across my rib cage began healing rapidly.
A musical laughter snapped me out of my daze, and I glanced down to see Myre failing 
to hold in her amusement. “Gets them every time!” she sighed, her hands still 
enveloped in the silvery mist.
“H-How?” I blubbered, my fingers tracing the once open cuts that grew smaller and 
became completely encrusted in scabs.
“A lady needs to have her secrets, My Dear.” Her voice softened as she coquettishly 
pressed a finger to her lips. Despite her old age, I couldn’t help but blush diffidently at 
her playful behavior.
Coughing down my embarrassment, I sat back up, albeit covering a little more of 
myself with the blanket. “Thank you for treating me, Myre, as well as your hospitality. 
I know there isn’t much room here."
“Not at all. Besides, this old cottage isn’t where I live. I merely use this place to get 
some peace and, from time to time, treat a patient,” she smiled, handing me a bowl of 
warm soup. “I don’t treat just anyone you know, but I wanted to meet the human boy 
who is supposedly the savior of the world,” she declared grandly before shooting me 
another wink.
Replying with a weak chuckle, I took a careful sip from the bowl. Immediately, a savory 
broth laced with refreshing hints of herbs enveloped my tongue, enticing me to 
greedily take another large gulp before setting it down on the nightstand.
“Don’t even try to get up tonight. The wounds on your legs weren’t as simple as the 
little gashes on your chest. It took hours for your legs to get back in that state, so just 
get some rest; that is your biggest priority,” Myre warned. “There is water on the 
counter within arm’s reach, and if you have to use the bathroom, there is a chamber 
pot right beside the bed. Good night, My Dear.”
Myre left me to my thoughts with the only source of light, the flames, writhing in the 
fireplace. It seemed like I had just closed my eyes for a second, thinking back to the 
silver flame she had conjured, when I was jerked awake from another pang of sharp 
throbs. The pain wasn’t as intense as it had been when Myre had changed the 
bandages for me, but it was agitating enough to keep me from falling back asleep. The 
cottage was almost completely dark aside from the few strands of moonlight that 
made it through the thatched roof.
The fire had long gone out, with only a faint, smoky aroma left. I wasn’t sure to what 
degree my wounds had healed, but I grew restless at the thought of idly wasting away 
time.
Abandoning the idea of going back to sleep, I sat back, upright, and began doing the 
only productive thing I could do in this state: meditate.
As I concentrated on the mana core swirling deep in my sternum, a blast of unfamiliar 
energy welcomed me. Suddenly, the mountain that I had been chipping away at to 
reach the silver core was but a flat plain, rolled out like a map for me to cross.
Absorbing mana from my surroundings, I tentatively began refining when the alien 
energy began hungrily sucking in the mana I had absorbed and coalesced it with my 
mana core. The light yellow hue of my core started glowing as mana surged 
throughout my body, filling my veins, muscles, bones, and skin with a fiery energy.
I could feel myself shivering uncontrollably as my core began glowing brighter until it 
wasn’t yellow, but instead, a bright silver.
The untamed energy that had been raging inside my body continued to chip away at 
the layers of my core, making my silver core grow brighter and brighter with each 
influx of energy that hit. I held my breath, afraid that even the slightest shift would 
halt the rapid progression of my mana core. Eventually, the mysterious energy source 
that had refined my mana core to the peak of mid-silver stage subsided.
Just when I thought the transformation had finished, the sharp scream of a metal clang 
filled my ears. As if an invisible wall that had been restraining my mind was gone, my 
body forcibly shifted into the second phase of Sylvia’s Dragon Will.
Prying my eyes open, I could see the golden runes emerging from my arms and 
shoulders. To my surprise, the glowing runes began changing, their design growing 
more complex as they shaped themselves into some kind of ancient language. My 
disheveled hair started changing colors from my naturally auburn hair to white, then 
back to auburn again.
The furniture inside the one-room cottage started trembling as straw and splinters 
fell from the roof, filling the room with more rays of moonlight. However, despite the 
pots and pans clanging against one another, the only sound that filled my ears was the 
high-pitched ring.
While my hair changed back to its original color, the newly-formed runes on my body 
glowed brighter as the color began to drain from the world. Soon, the only colors I was 
able to see were in the minuscule particles floating around me. But something had 
changed. During the times that I had used Dragon’s Awakening, I was only able to see 
four colors: one for each of the four elements. However, specks of purple were dotted 
abundantly within the array of blue, yellow, red, and green.
After using this form to kill Lucas, I thought I had gotten better at controlling the harsh 
compulsions that came with using the second phase of Sylvia’s will. However, the will 
seemed to reject my body more than ever, until I couldn’t bear the agony of my body 
ripping itself apart anymore.
I released Dragon’s Awakening, and as if a bucket of water had been thrown to douse 
a raging fire, all of the energy, power, and pain that had been growing larger and larger 
inside me abruptly vanished. An eerie silence surrounded me as I was left feeling 
confused, powerless and frail despite the progress my mana core had made.
“So it’s true.” I turned my head to see Myre leaning against the entryway. “You truly 
have inherited Realmheart…” The asura’s voice was both solemn and sentimental as it 
trailed off.
“Excuse me? Realmheart?” I echoed as she approached me with slow steps.
“The physical manifestations displayed from you tapping into Sylvia’s powers, My 
Dear— the iris glowing purple and those unmistakable glowing runes imprinted on 
the body. Even within the clan, it is rare. Realmheart—or The Realmheart Physique—
is an ability that only the Indrath Clan bloodline can possess. Tell me, Child, were you 
able to see them?” the asura pressed as her eyes stayed glued to the faint markings 
which continued to fade from my arms.
Myre reached out and tenderly ran her fingers along the runes. “I’m sorry, but I don’t 
understand. See what?” I replied, snapping her out of her daze.
“Were you able to see all five of the colors that make up the physical realm?” The asura 
had an expression I couldn’t quite make out as she awaited my answer.
I thought back to the array of colors that floated around me while in my second phase. 
“I think so…”
“The Realmheart Physique was named by the ancestors of the Indrath Clan because, 
in this form, the user’s attunement with the physical realm is said to be unparalleled. 
While the ability itself does not hold much strength, the power to activate Realmheart 
allows the user to gain knowledge and insight that those without could never hope to 
have,” Myre explained. “Which goes to say that knowledge truly is power.”
I reflected back to when I had first used Realmheart against the elderwood guardian. 
I had assumed that the form was a just a power boost, allowing me to gain access to 
more mana, but from what Myre had just explained to me, it seemed like using 
Realmheart actually just allow me to utilize mana with much more efficiency. “There 
is one thing I don’t quite understand. When I used the second phase—Realmheart—
last time, I was only able to see four colors. Why am I now able to see the purple 
particles?”
Myre pondered for a moment.
“Are you not allowed to tell me about this as well? It seems like none of the asuras 
want a lesser being learning their techniques and secrets,” I sighed, disappointed.
“Mmm, we asuras are prideful beings indeed. Even amongst the members of the same 
race, we asuras stay secretive and greedy, the Indrath Clan particularly so.” Myre 
chuckled for a bit then gave me an inquisitive look. “I won’t say that I’m different from 
all of them, but I’ve lived long enough and experienced far too much to care about such 
frivolousness. If you’ll be content with an old lady like me, I’ll be happy to teach you a 
thing or two.”
I honestly didn’t expect her to go as far as offering to teach me, but taking no chances, 
I immediately bobbed my head in consent before she could change her mind.
“Good! Now… practical lessons won’t be possible in your current state, but I think a 
more theoretical approach might be good either way,” Myre answered, tapping her 
chin with a finger.
Myre explained to me the fundamentals of mana itself and how it affected the world, 
or what she referred to as “the physical realm.” Much of what she went over was 
something I had already known to a certain degree. However, the way she strung her 
words together and explained everything in such an easily digestible manner, it was 
obvious that she was much more knowledgeable than any of the professors at Xyrus 
Academy.
She went on, clarifying how it wasn’t natural for lesser beings or even asuras to 
manipulate raw mana. Mages with a certain affinity to an element had a much easier 
time absorbing the atmospheric mana that coincided with their particular element. 
However, in the end, it still had to be absorbed and refined in order for to be utilized. 
To someone with the Realmheart physique, a fire-affinity mage will appear to be 
absorbing only the red mana particles, but after completing the refining process, the 
mana would appear white when first used. This was why body-strengthening spells 
could be used regardless of what type of affinity a mage was.
“So if, in the end, mana that is absorbed and refined turns white, how come it’s not 
possible for them to utilize different elements?” I inquired.
“Good question.” Myre seemed pleased by my interruption, rather than annoyed. “It is 
impossible to control the specific type of element that a mage absorbs, so it is 
inevitable that the mage will naturally take in the mana particles that his body is most 
inclined towards.
“Let’s say that a mage’s affinity is towards water; during the process of refining raw 
mana, the amount of water element his body absorbs will be disproportionate 
compared to the other elements. So, even though the end result is a purified white 
mana, during the stage where that mage refined the water elemental mana his body 
absorbed, the raw mana altered his body to become more predisposed, and his mind 
to become more insightful of that particular element.”
It must’ve been obvious that I looked a bit confused, because she explained it in more 
detail.
“Remember when you conjured your first remote spell, whether that be a stream of 
fire or a sphere of wind? You had to concentrate much more in order for the spell to 
manifest in the proper form, right? Even infant asuras are taught to verbally chant 
spells to help them concentrate and visualize what they want. However, after so much 
time absorbing and refining a specific element, the need to visualize and chant 
becomes much easier and comes more naturally.
Going back to the water-affinity mage scenario, that mage—no doubt—would have to 
concentrate on the shape, proportion, density, and even the speed of launch if he were 
to execute a fireball. However, that same mage will have no trouble raising a stream of 
water, separating it into multiple orbs and casting it to barrage down on an enemy 
with just a flick of his wrist. Why?”
“Because of the influence that absorbing a majority of water element had on the mage 
during the refining process,” I answered.
“Correct! Being exposed to a particular element for so long, the mage would no doubt 
gain insight during their meditation.” Myre continued on about this subject, stressing 
heavily again that asuras and lesser beings alike could not manipulate natural mana. 
After hours passed unheeded on the subject of mana, Myre finally brought up what I 
had wanted to know most about: aether.
Rather than start from the beginning, Myre asked, “Can you tell me what you know 
about aether?”
I proceeded to explain what little I knew about aether and the times I had experienced 
the phenomena that aether produced: the instances where I was able to freeze time 
using the first phase of Sylvia’s will and how I had trained using the aether orb.
“Aether is fundamentally different from mana; this much is clear to anyone. While both 
entities make up the world that we live in, aether works very differently than mana. 
To what degree, no one has a solid answer. Some have speculated that aether is the 
building block that the world is made of, while mana is what fills it with life and 
sustenance. More simply put, aether would be the cup, while mana is the water that 
fills it.” Myre held up a glass cup, filled halfway, for me to see.
“It is quite easy to manipulate the water inside without mana, but much more difficult 
to change the shape of the cup without breaking it. Quite a crude analogy, I know,” the 
asura smiled as she began slowly shaking the cup, stirring the water inside.
Shaking my head, I responded, “No, it helps a lot.”
“Good. Well, despite the many speculations and theories, even the Indrath Clan, hailed 
for being the most adept in utilizing aether, has no solid theory that can justify what 
they are able to do. What they did have that no one else did, was the ability to 
physically detect aether through the use of the Realmheart Physique.” Holding the 
glass close to her face, Myre dipped a finger in the water. “Those in the physical realm 
cannot sense aether. Everyone alike knows that there are laws that hold our world 
together, just like this glass that holds the water. However, it is impossible for them to 
fathom the boundaries that exist to keep order in the world.”
“Then the purple particles I saw when I used Realmheart…” I said, trailing off at the 
end.
“Yes, My Dear. That was aether.” Myre smiled. “Through the use of Realmheart, you are 
able to see the glass cup from within, the boundaries of this world.”
“Now, I can go on to explain the history of how aether came to be slowly studied, but I 
doubt that will be of any use to you. You just have to know that you possess a skill that 
even asuras would kill for. However, I suspect that there will be certain limits because 
your body is not of the dragon race. But the true power of Realmheart lies in the ability 
to gain insight while in the form.”
“I noticed that while I use Realmheart, I become a lot stronger. At first, I thought it was 
some sort of power boost that the form gives, but it’s more of a big improvement in 
control,” I confirmed with Myre, who nodded in reply.
“Yes, especially for you, who has the strange composition of being quadraelemental,there is a vast difference in mana manipulation using Realmheart. But let’s 
set aside the aspect of mana for now. Not to sound biased, but control over mana is 
much more linear than aether. For mana, the greater your core is, the more water you 
can manipulate,” she continued, still using the glass-of-water analogy. “Your insight 
and mental aptitude is how many ways you can manipulate the water inside. However, 
through the manipulation of aether, we can control the cup itself. Do you understand?”
“How would you manipulate the world itself?” I pressed.
“It’s become habit to say ‘manipulate,’ but in actuality, it is more important to think of 
it as influencing aether. And you’ve already had a taste of this quite a few times, My 
Dear. Windsom had mentioned you being able to stop time for a brief moment.” Myre 
set the cup down and distanced herself from where I was.
“Yes! That was actually the first ability I was able to use with Sylvia’s will!” I exclaimed.
“The control over time, aevum; the authority over space, spatium; and the influence 
over all living components, vivum…” Myre recited. “These are the three components 
that make up aether.”
This was knowledge that I might perhaps never come across again, so I hungrily 
absorbed every word the asura was saying.
“No matter how powerful, how insightful, and how lucky a practitioner may be, he will 
only be able to master one path. Ancestors of the Indrath Clan have lived all their lives 
trying to gain insight on one of the three paths, only to realize that they don’t have the 
capability of mastering it. However, over time, we’ve realized a way for some asuras 
to know where their aptitude lies,” the asura confessed.
“How?” We had reached the climax of the story and I was greedy for more.
“The runes that run down the body from using Realmheart.” Myre closed her eyes and 
went silent.
A palpable force suddenly pushed down on my shoulders, forcing me to use my arms 
to keep myself sitting up on the bed. The air turned thick and heavy as I stayed seated 
on the bed in awe. The pressure that Myre was emitting was neither violent nor 
ferocious like Kordri’s had been, yet, in terms of level, it was much more 
overwhelming. I had no confidence that I would be able to muster up the will to fight 
against her—that much was clear. It was as if I could almost see her transforming into 
dragon form.
Golden runes began carving down her bare arm but they looked very different from 
mine. Whereas mine appeared complex and detailed, her runes flowed like branches 
of an elven tree, or interconnecting streams of water being woven together.
Myre finally opened her eyes and stared at me with an icy gaze of radiant lavender. 
“These runes are different for each Realmheart user, but the markings, when studied, 
show that I am of the vivum path. And that is also why I could heal you.”
I found myself unable to muster a response as I stared in awe. Her very presence felt 
different than mine when I had activated Realmheart; the runes that ran down her 
arm were much more vivid and bright compared to the dull glow I had when I used 
this profound power, and her eyes seemed to almost pulse, as if they had a mind of 
their own.
“Now, My Dear, activate your Realmheart,” the asura gently nudged, despite her 
intimidating presence.
An indescribably chilling sensation burst out from within my mana core as I activated 
Realmheart. Liquid frost coursed through my veins, desperately seeking a way out of 
my body. I watched the golden runes begin to form on my arms, glowing hotly against 
my frigid skin as my vision began to achromatize.
“I was only able to catch a glimpse of what your runes looked like earlier, but it truly 
is fascinating,” Myre mumbled to herself as she studied me.
Remaining seated and motionless as my caretaker continued to inspect the engravings 
on my body, I couldn’t help but become enthralled at what I was experiencing. This 
was the first time that I had actually taken a step back to study the changes in my 
perception while using Realmheart; watching the different particles move as if they 
each contained intellect and a goal in mind made me realize why magic was more 
accurately described as “mana manipulation” in this world.
Testing out a hunch I had in mind, I willed a small ember to appear at the tip of my 
finger. Sure enough, the red particles around me began to react as I conjured the fire. 
Even though what I had used was the refined mana from my core, there was a 
definitive response to the particles around my finger. I did this using spells from 
different elements to see the response in the particles, but no matter what I did, only 
the purple specks remained unchanged.
“Having fun, are we?” The asura was still in her Realmheart form as well. Her soft 
purple eyes peered through me as the edges of her lips curled upward in amusement.
“How is it that I’ve never noticed this?” I asked, more to myself than to her.
“It’s understandable that you would assume that this form was some power-up rather 
than a means to observe and study what cannot normally be perceived.” Letting go of 
my arm that she had been examining, Myre took a few steps back. “I’m not exactly sure 
how long you’re able to stay in this form now that you’ve broken through to a stage 
where you can sense aether, but there are a few things I want you to see before you 
release Realmheart.”
The asura raised a hand in front of her for me to see, her eyes narrowed in 
concentration. Suddenly, the purple particles around us that had refused to comply to 
my will slowly began to drift towards Myre. The movements of each tiny glimmer of 
purple seemed to differ from one another. Rather than manipulating mana, it 
appeared more like the asura was herding in a legion of tiny fireflies toward her hand.
“As I mentioned earlier, aether behaves fundamentally different from mana. You will 
be met with only failure if you try to manipulate aether as you have done with mana. 
Let me reiterate my point with the cup-of-water analogy since it has worked so well 
for us until now. You can drink, gargle, and spit out water as long as you know how, 
but you would be a fool if you tried the same thing with the cup. Aether is present all 
around us, yet it is the very boundary that confines us to the limits you and I have,” 
she explained as the particles of aether began drifting around the hand that she held 
up until it was completely enveloped. “Vivum, the influence over all living components. 
This is the very power I had used to piece back together your shattered legs.”
The silver mist that Myre had shot out at me in demonstration earlier looked like a 
purple cloud surrounding her hand while I was in Realmheart. However, when she 
released her influence over the aether, the tiny particles dispersed back to their 
original space.
“I saw the aether gathering in your hand, but how does that form into vivum? How did 
that heal my legs?” A million and more questions were running through my head. On 
one end, being able to witness and perceive this spectacle was truly a good fortune, 
but seeing this just filled me with frustration at my lack of comprehension.
“Subsequent to finding out that my affinity lied toward the branch of life, I studied 
vivum for centuries. However, even then, I am unconfident that I would be able to 
explain to you what you truly wish to know,” she confessed solemnly. “What I can 
explain with certainty is limited.”
“I want to learn.” I stared at her, determined to grasp what I could.
While her eyes remained solemn, a slight smile formed. “Very well. First thing you 
need to know is that, unlike mana, you cannot absorb aether; you are merely changing 
its presence and influence to reality.”
“Does that mean a core isn’t needed to be able to influence aether?”
“An individual’s core is what connects the body to the physical realm, so while aether 
isn’t directly manipulated in the way that mana is, the mana core is crucial,” she 
responded. While Myre’s words were simple enough, they reflected a deep wisdom 
that couldn’t be compared to mine.
“You will realize your path when the time comes, but since you are still in the 
beginning stages of your cultivation, it is best not to overwhelm you with knowledge 
that is unnecessary for now,” she continued, smiling gently at me. “For now, just know 
that after a certain extent, your cultivation will cease to depend on the rote ability to 
refine mana, but depend on gaining insight into knowledge that cannot be passed 
down.”
I pondered over her cryptic words. My brain was itching with questions but I knew 
now wasn’t the time to be asking them.
She nodded in contentment as I waited for her to continue. “I’m not sure if this is mere 
coincidence or fate, but there is a reason why you can—as limited as it is—utilize 
aether. Can you guess what it is?”
“I thought it was because of Sylvia’s will?” I answered.
“It is partly because of Sylvia’s will that you are able to bear the burden of aether, but 
not the reason you are able to manipulate it.”
There was only one other answer that came to mind. “Is it because I’m able to 
manipulate all four elements?”
“Precisely!” Myre praised. “It is through the ability to gain insight into all four of the 
fundamental elements that we were able to take a look beyond the water and realize 
the glass cup that we are held in.”
“Doesn’t that mean dragons are much stronger than the other races?” I remarked.
Shaking her head, the asura clarified. “We certainly hold a fair advantage over the 
other race. We dragons have the ability to control aether, but to what extent? Even the 
most powerful dragons are only able to scratch the boundless surface of what aether 
can possibly do. However, the other races hold much deeper insight into the element 
that they are predisposed to compared to dragons.”
I wasn’t sure how long we had been talking but I began to feel my strength leaving me 
from using Realmheart. Noticing my strained expression, Myre expressed that it was 
okay for me to withdraw the ability.
Color began permeating back into the world as I released Realmheart, and as always, 
the runes were the last to disappear. “So, Myre, have you found out what ability of 
aether is best suited for me?” I asked, letting out a relieved breath.
“Yes, but before you get too excited, allow me to forewarn you that even I cannot 
predict whether or not you will be able to consciously control aether like we can. Even 
though you do possess the ability to manipulate all four elements and have gained 
both a dragon’s will and the Realmheart Physique, you are still a human.” While her 
message was harsh, her words held no pretension or condescension.
“I see,” I muttered. I would’ve been lying if I said I wasn’t disappointed. In a world of 
not just humans but other races—more powerful ones—that coexisted, I was 
beginning to see this invisible ceiling that I had been ignorant of in my past life.
“Like I had mentioned before, you cannot compare aether to mana. Aether can be 
thought of as an organism, almost sentient, that needs to be coaxed and coerced into 
action. Because of this, the manipulation of aether places a heavy burden on the caster. 
You’ve probably felt this every time you used the time manipulation ability.”
“You’re right. And no matter how many times I’ve used it, it doesn’t get any easier,” I 
confessed, leaning against the wooden headboard of my bed.
“And I doubt it ever will. My dear, although I’m unsure as to why the ability to 
manipulate time, albeit briefly, showed itself to you, you were never meant to go down 
the route of aevum.” Taking out a pen and a small parchment from the nightstand 
drawer, she began drawing some symbols. “Arthur, you were able to tap into aether 
manipulation only because of Sylvia’s will, but I imagine that you weren’t able to get a 
grasp of how it works.”
“In terms of theory, I still have no idea as to how it occurs,” I acknowledged reluctantly. 
Using the first phase of Sylvia’s will allowed me to stop time for a brief moment but 
whenever I had used that ability, it felt like I was simply looking at a manuscript in a 
foreign language: I knew what it looked like, but I had no idea how to read it or what 
it meant.
“This is why.” Myre held up the small paper she had been writing on, revealing an array 
of familiar symbols. “Just like Sylvia had, you were meant to control the very fabric of 
the boundaries that keeps the physical realm in place; you are of the spatium genus.”
Despite the revelation, I wasn’t happy. Not at all. “But, as you’ve said, regardless of this 
knowledge, it’s still fairly possible that I wouldn’t be able to consciously control this 
ability.”
Myre regarded me with a solemn gaze but didn’t respond.
“From what you’ve told me so far, I was only able to even use the time manipulation 
ability because it was pre-embedded into the will that Sylvie imparted to me before 
she was killed.” I was doing my best to contain my frustration, but my voice was 
growing steadily louder. “Please, Myre. Tell me what I need to do. So far, everything 
you’ve told me about this grand ability is that I have the qualifications for it, but 
because of the physical limitations of my species, I wouldn’t be able to handle the 
burden!”
The asura stayed quiet for long time, doing nothing else but combing softly through 
my ruffled hair. “I truly pity you, Child. You have such an overwhelming potential for 
greatness, but your capacity is hindered by something you cannot control. The reason 
I told you everything that I have is not to mock you for something you will never be 
able to accomplish, but rather to encourage you to do something beyond the ordinary. 
Even as you progress into the white stage and beyond, you may be unable to control 
aether like dragons can, but that does not mean you do not have that ability at your 
disposal. Knowledge is an immeasurable strength that can overcome the boundaries 
that even asuras place on themselves.”
“You’re right, I’m sorry for taking my frustrations out on you. I know you only mean to 
do what is best for me,” I whispered.
“Yes, my child. Only what is best for you,” she echoed. When I looked up at Myre, 
however, her face was lined deeply with an expression of sorrow.
“What’s wrong?”
“Arthur. I have broken many rules by imparting all this knowledge to you. This 
knowledge can certainly be used against the dragon race if it fell into the wrong hands, 
so please believe me when I say that I truly do wish for what is best for you.”
I still couldn’t figure out why Myre had shown so much care for me since the 
beginning, but if there was one thing I had learned in my previous life, it was being 
able to read the intentions of those around me. The asura meant well despite the fact 
that we knew very little of each other.
“Even if Realmheart cannot be utilized to its full extent, it can become an irreplaceable 
asset in the coming battles through its sensory functions. With Realmheart, your 
ability to manipulate all four elements, as well as your remarkable combat prowess, 
you have many tools at your disposal to take advantage of…” Myre’s voice trailed off, 
filling me with apprehension for her next words.
“But?” I asked.
Letting out a deep breath, she took a moment and stared into my eyes. “But this 
movement technique that you’ve created, the one that placed you into my home in that 
horrid state… cannot be one of them.”
As if her words weren’t clear enough already, she clarified for me once more.
“Never use that technique again.”
Even at Myre’s ominous warning, I had remained silent—numb, almost. I had a hunch 
that this might’ve been the case after ending up here, but her words made this 
predicament all too real.
My mind spun, trying to weave together a string of reasons to refute the asura’s 
verdict. However, none came to mind. Regardless of how much mana I infused to 
strengthen my body, what I was doing with Burst Step was directly stimulating the 
muscles to such a degree that, apparently, it would tear them—and my bones—to 
pieces.”
“I always thought this world held the potential for limitless possibilities, and magic 
would be at the epicenter of it all. But I see now that no matter where you end up, 
there is always a ceiling, keeping those who wish to venture into the unknown caged 
in,” I sighed, looking up at the wooden ceiling above us.
“I know that you spent a lot of time developing this mana art, and it’s rude of me to 
pry this secret out of you, but how does your movement technique exactly work?” 
Myre queried, a twinkle of interest apparent in her hazy green eyes.
I first told her how I came across the idea of the skill. Myre already knew the 
foundations of Mirage Walk, which the Thyestes Clan had engineered, which saved me 
some time. I then explained the basic mechanics of how I improved Mirage Walk from 
its initial concept. Mirage Walk was simply a passive skill that was used to hide the 
user’s mana fluctuation. Recounting the months I had spent trying to get even a 
consistent handle on Burst Step sent a painful ache down my chest as it finally hit me 
that all of that was for naught.
It had been the first time I had developed a mana art that went beyond the boundaries 
of this world, since it was only possible with the knowledge I had from my previous 
life. But I couldn’t her that. Instead, I told her how I first came across the idea…”
“Fascinating,” said Myre, deep in her own thoughts. “To utilize the intricacies of the 
body to such a degree… I would’ve never thought of something like that.
“I was shocked to see your body in such a state at first, but after you’ve explained to 
me how this movement technique worked, it’s a wonder that your legs haven’t been 
permanently crippled,” she continued, still in awe.
“It doesn’t matter now, does it? I can’t use this skill without shattering my body and 
tearing up my muscles, so I’ll have to think of some other way to prepare for this 
upcoming war,” I shrugged, trying to keep my bitterness from showing on my face. 
“Feel free to use it, Myre. As a thank you for healing my legs.”
“My child, I have to say that I have very little confidence in being able to replicate what 
you’ve just explained to me. The sheer amount of control and intricate fine-tunings 
that one would need to properly execute this Burst Step is beyond my grasp,” she 
confessed with a chuckle. “I’ve grown complacent with old age. I have sought out the 
hidden mysteries of vivum, abandoning the practical uses of mana long ago. Rest 
assured, the secrets of this skill will end with me.”
“Thank you.” Her words offered little comfort to my current dilemma. “Myre, I’m 
feeling a bit drowsy since I haven’t had the chance to sleep…”
“Of course, my dear,” the asura answered immediately. Casting one last sympathetic 
gaze, she blew out the candles lighting the room, and left.
With the absence of firelight, the hut darkened, and my eyes could only make out the 
thin pillars of moonlight that made it past the thatched roof. The specks, dust, and 
ashes from the smoldering remains in the fireplace danced in the streams of soft, 
white light, filling the small space with an alluring ambience.
Telling Myre that I wanted to sleep was a lie. Sleeping was the last thing I wanted to 
do; I had already wasted enough time as it was.
I closed my eyes, analyzing my current situation.
My breakthrough into the silver core stage was more than a pleasant surprise since 
my core was refined to the mid-level stage. The amount of mana I could now utilize 
through this advancement, along with the help of Mana Rotation, was several times 
higher than it had previously been since coming to this continent. My hand-to-hand 
combat abilities had also made quite a leap forward thanks to Kordri, which, coupled 
with my sword mastery, would place me easily into the AA-class as an adventurer even 
without the use of elemental magic.
Despite all of this, however, I had little to show in terms of improvement in magic or 
mana arts. I was hoping to learn a thing or two about how mana was manipulated 
differently by asuras, but so far, I had learned next to nothing in that area. The asuras 
had provided me with a great means to train in the best environment possible to make 
sure I was heading in the right direction, but they seemed less than willing to impart 
any secrets to their fluency in mana manipulation.
Mirage Walk was the only technique I had managed to piece together, and while it was 
an important asset, it would have little impact in a large-scale battle.
There was an inevitable connotation of mystery and wonder when it came to mana 
manipulation; not nearly as much as aether, but still there. While Dicathen was a place 
of unimaginable sights and possibilities compared to my previous world, it goes to say 
that, compared to Epheotus or even Alacrya, my home continent was an infant in 
terms of knowledge and comprehension of mana.
There were actual asuras that resided in Alacrya, and it’s safe to assume that, through 
the ages, they’ve imparted their knowledge of mana to the inhabitants. Coming from 
the perspective of a war leader, if Agrona wanted to take over Dicathen, he needed 
enough forces to not only successfully invade our continent, but also enough to protect 
his Clan from the asuras of Epheotus who, I can safely assume, were eagerly waiting 
for the Vritras to show some sign of weakness.
To be able to successfully accomplish his goals, he needed the lesser races of his 
continent to be stronger than the ones in Dicathen. While the Alacryan forces would 
be limited to how many they could afford to send on the long expedition across the 
sea, or through other means, what I wanted to know was how much more powerful 
they were.
I became curious of the exact intel that Cynthia Goodsky had provided to the asuras 
and leading figures in Dicathen. I was sure they were making proper defensive 
measures, but until I was briefed on the available intel, I would be left to blindly 
wonder about the enemy forces’ abilities.
It was daunting as my thoughts shifted over to the capabilities that the Four Scythes 
and their retainers held. The report that Windsom had relayed to me said that a 
retainer was capable of wiping out a team led by a Lance.
Was I able to kill a retainer with my level of power right now? I wasn’t sure. Alea 
Triscan, the Lance who had been killed, was at the white stage. Although her mana 
core development was due to the artifacts bestowed onto each of the Lances, it still 
gave her a considerable amount of raw power to utilize. To be able to so easily kill her, 
even with the skills that I have harnessed during my training here, I knew better than 
to underestimate a retainer.
The rest of the night was an indistinguishable mixture of vague lucidness and 
moments of fitful sleep. Before I knew it, the cottage was filled with a warm light from 
the morning sun.
Reaching over to the empty pail by the side of my bed, I put it on my lap. Using mana 
to gather water into my palms, I splashed my face in hopes to stir myself awake.
“I take it that you had a rough night?” Myre’s voice chimed from the edge of the hut.
“Can you tell?” I joked, feeling a bit more refreshed from the crisp water.
“The shadows beneath your eyes have practically reached your chin,” she chuckled, 
walking over to me.
Removing the sheet covering me, she carefully began unwrapping the bandages on my 
leg. I noticed that her eyes had turned the same lavender shade as they had when she 
used Realmheart as she inspected me carefully.
“Good, the bones in your legs have been set in place well enough for me to fully treat 
them now. I had to work in parts in case the bones and muscles decided to start 
mending improperly.” With that, Myre’s hands began glowing the same silvery hue 
from when she demonstrated her use of aether. She ran her hands down my legs, 
leaving traces of the silvery mist behind. Slowly, the mist began penetrating through 
my skin and sinking into my legs.
At first, there was only a slight tingle as my once-numbed legs began getting their 
feeling back. However, it wasn’t long until that mild tingle intensified into an 
excruciating pain that seemed to sear through every inch of my legs. If I hadn’t known 
that Myre was actually mending my legs, I would’ve been tempted to cut them off right 
then and there. The fact that I had been holding in the need to urinate didn’t help the 
sheer discomfort followed by the waves of escalating pain.
My legs didn’t feel like they were getting healed. Instead, it felt like the asura was 
growing me a pair of new legs in the most painful way possible.
“Gah!” I let out a choked cry as I clawed at the bed in hopes to distract myself from the 
pain.
“I should’ve warned you about the pain, but I’m basically forcing your body to heal 
itself at a hyper-increased rate. With the broken tendons and muscles trying to 
reattach themselves to the bones, you can guess why you’re feeling the way you do.” 
The asura held her attention to my legs as beads of sweat began forming above her 
thin brows.
The pain lasted for approximately ten minutes until it started to slowly subside. By the 
end of the treatment, I was gingerly flexing my toes. With the consent of Myre, I 
brought my legs to the edge of the bed, carefully putting on weight one foot at a time 
before I tried standing up. Immediately, my legs buckled at the unaccustomed weight, 
as I fell on my side.
“Be careful. Your legs are fully healed, but you’ve lost a lot of muscles in your lower 
body through this treatment. You might not be used to how weak they are.” Myre spoke 
evenly.
“There’s no pain or discomfort, at least,” I replied, unable to hide the excitement in my 
voice. My legs did feel weaker, but that would only be temporary. I had full control.
“This does not change the fact that you cannot use Burst Step anymore. I will not be 
able to mend you when you are in Dicathen and each time, it’ll be harder for me to 
heal them.”
“I understand.” I tried my hands again at the simple task of standing up; this time I was 
able to keep myself upright, although my legs did start trembling. After an hour or so 
of steadily hobbling around inside the cottage, leaning against the nearby furnitures 
and walls for support, I knew what I had to do.I immediately went outside to the back 
of the cottage to relieve myself, spending a few minutes outside to stretch, taking in 
the crisp morning air that smelled of dew.
“I thought about what you said yesterday, my dear,” Myre spoke out from the porch. 
“Concerning your inability to act on the information I disclosed to you.”
Shaking my head, I replied, “I’m sorry about that, Myre; I said that out of frustration. 
What you told me was something that I would never be able to learn elsewhere. To the 
point where I realized how far behind Dicathen is in terms of knowledge of mana.”
“Compared to how short it has been since the inhabitants of Dicathen began 
experimenting with mana through the artifacts we gave them, they’ve come a long 
way.” Walking out of the hut, she waved for me to follow, making her way towards a 
perfectly tended and trimmed lawn of grass.
“Even I am limited in what I am allowed to disclose, but since this is something you 
already have, nudging you in the right direction is all I’ll be doing,” she said, standing 
a few meters away from me.
“I’m not following,” I replied, studying our surroundings. There was nothing around 
except dense clusters of trees towering over us, making the cottage and trimmed front 
lawn look very out of place.
“Don’t worry. I’ve already told Windsom that I’ll be borrowing you for a bit longer.” 
The air changed around us, and near instantly, Myre activated her Realmheart. The 
light-gold runes glowed softly beneath her sleeves as her misty green eyes shifted into 
a radiant lavender. “Now, my boy, using whichever combination of every magical spell 
you have under your belt, hit me with all you have.”
Looking at the frail and thin Myre standing in the field of grass, I hesitated at her 
command. However, a dreadful pressure erupted from the same frail-looking asura
that wiped out any concerns I had of injuring her. It felt more like I’d be the one in 
danger if I didn’t comply with her instructions.
“Okay.” I gathered mana into my hands, but before they could even form the spell I had 
intended to conjure, Myre’s voice rang from a distance.
“In your right palm, you’re preparing a compressed water sphere while your left hand 
will shoot a small gust of wind. Child, I asked that you hit me with all you have.”
She had been spot on.
Ignoring her taunts, I fired my two spells and immediately concentrated on the area 
beneath her feet.
“You are planning on rupturing the ground under me, which is a clever idea, but I 
would appreciate it if you didn’t ruin the grass,” she interjected after casually avoiding 
my two spells. Myre stomped the ground softly and before my spell could even take 
effect, she had already cancelled it.
My mouth gaped just a bit before I regained my composure. My mind shifted back 
yesterday when she explained how Realmheart could be utilized to heighten 
perception, but I had never expected it to be to this degree.
“Like I said. This is an ability that you already have,” she chuckled, tapping her temple. 
“I’m simply going to be nudging you in the right direction.”
“You didn’t look out for the spell behind you, my dear,” Myre reprimanded. “Proper 
interpretation of mana fluctuation starts with sensing the spells right when they affect 
the physical realm. Then you utilize Realmheart to accurately determine what form it 
will take. Even if your opponent chooses to vocalize their spell, what they are 
imagining is actually what will affect the size, shape, and duration of their spell. Even 
then, some mages might use a vocal projection as a feint to trick their opponent.”
I was able to make sense of her advice, but it was becoming harder to stay conscious 
as I lost more blood from the gaping wound that went through my clavicle. The asura 
continued debriefing the mistake I had made that led me to have this wound, all the 
while healing me by using aether. This wasn’t the first time something like this had 
happened—or even the seventh time for that matter—since starting my training. 
Through the numerous times I had failed in properly analyzing the flow of mana 
before it had materialized into a spell, I noticed that her healing through the use of 
aether was fundamentally different than that of my mother’s healing spells.
The limits my mother—along with any other healing mage—had were nonexistent to 
Myre. She was able to rid ailments, close gaping holes, even grow missing limbs, which 
had begged the question: why didn’t Myre simply cut off my legs and grow me a new 
one?
From what Myre had explained to me, it seemed like using aether past a certain 
threshold came with costs. It didn’t happen for all of the spells she did, or even most 
for that matter. However, the use of aether to grow a whole new limb meant that she 
had to extract the aether that was sustaining the life of something, or someone, else.
“I know what you’re thinking when you’re faced with the spells, child.” The asura’s 
voice startled me into focus. “Don’t get ahead of yourself and try to counter the spell 
before it manifests. It took me decades to get it right, and that was considered fast 
amongst us dragons. Now, shall we call it a night?”
Looking up at the sky, a thin layer of orange in the horizon was all that was left of the 
sun as night continued to take over.
“Sounds good,” I smiled, trailing behind into her small cottage.
It was surprising how the weeks had gone by unheeded thanks to the endless training 
and company from the elderly asura.
There was one thing that had become glaringly apparent over these past few weeks 
training with Myre, however: the docile and mild temperament that the asura had 
apparently feigned while she was nursing me back to health was all a lie. She made for 
pleasant company during any other occasion, but on the training grounds, her true 
personality became exposed, revealing a demonic entity that made even Kordri’s 
training seem like a puppy-petting session.
Worst of all, because of her expertise in healing through aether, there was little holding 
her back. She had a saying that she had repeated on numerous occasions that still 
haunted me in my dreams: “The best medicine for an injury is preventing one from 
happening in the first place. So if you don’t want me to injure you, prevent it.”
She would say that with the same sly smirk before hitting me with a colorful array of 
spells that I was forced to read and dodge using Realmheart.
It wasn’t only practical training, though. She had taught me what to look out for when 
a spell was about to manifest. Depending on the type of spell that would form, the 
mana particles would start fluctuating differently, so it was crucial to know what 
exactly you were looking at in the brief window. Needless to say, it was a lot like 
learning a new language—except your life depended on it.
It was frustrating at first, to the point where I even asked if it was possible for 
Windsom to let me use the aether orb to conserve time, but she spoke against it; 
something to do with the aether orb not allowing me to get an accurate grasp of how 
mana worked in the physical realm.
However, to Myre’s surprise, I was able to make leaps and bounds in regards to what 
I dubbed as mana interpretation. According to Myre, what took her half a year had 
taken me a bit shy of a month. I was nowhere near ready to use it in a real battle, but 
the fundamentals were there. Just like reading a book, I had the words down, but being 
able to speed-read would take months, maybe years.
These past six weeks, every morning would start off with mana analyzation as Myre 
shot out different spells of varying elements up in the air, and sometimes, directly at 
me. Continuous use of Realmheart while training in this fashion had allowed me to 
somewhat increase the duration of this ability, but not by much.
In the afternoon, I would debrief on the mistakes that I had made and the nuances that 
I should watch out for to get a better prediction of what the spell might form into. Myre 
was meticulous in her explanations about why mana behaved the way it did, which 
helped the progress of my training.
After that, I would train by myself, going through the different forms that Kordri had 
instilled in me as I shadow-sparred. At night, before I went to sleep, I would always 
make sure to train my mana core, but after that last huge breakthrough I had made, 
there had been no drastic change in my core.
Just as the two of us had finished eating a simple stewed beef for dinner, a clear knock 
rang from the wooden door.
“Come in,” Myre called out as she took a careful sip from her mug.
“Excuse my intrusion,” the familiar voice responded as he opened the door.
It was Windsom.
I couldn’t say I was happy to see him despite the fact that I hadn’t had contact with the 
asura for months. The ever-so-poise asura with his platinum-blond hair cropped short 
and trim unexpectedly lowered himself to a knee, genuflecting with obvious respect 
towards Myre.
I had figured Myre had a certain level of influence within the Indrath Clan based on 
her powers and the fact that she was even able to keep me here despite the training I 
was supposed to be undergoing with Windsom. However, for him to be showing that 
much respect to the elderly asura sent some questions through my mind.
“I apologize for coming without notice, but Lord Indrath has already arranged for 
Arthur’s next instructor, and he is waiting rather impatiently for his student.” 
Windsom’s gaze lowered as he spoke.
“Very well, I do wish to keep tabs on the child, so there would be no problems if I 
popped in every now and then, right?” Myre’s question came off as more of an 
irrefutable declaration by her tone.
“Of course not. Now, we must get going”—Windsom’s gaze turned to me, indicating 
for me to get ready—“So if you’ll excuse us.”
“You should go, Arthur. Remember to continue your training with Realmheart.” Myre 
ran her fingers through my hair that had grown long enough to be considered a mane.
“Of course. I’ll have it mastered by the next time we see each other,” I teased, exposing 
a childish grin.
Following Windsom out of the cottage, we made our way through a dense cluster of 
trees that surrounded Myre’s little hut.
While walking, I couldn’t help but notice Windsom’s gaze as he regarded me curiously.
“Is something wrong?” I asked, stepping over an exposed root.
“For Lady Myre to take the time to not only heal you but to train you as well…” His 
voice trailed off as he shook his head. “Your luck continues to amaze me.”
I ducked under a particularly low branch. “Who exactly is Myre, anyway?”
“Lady Myre,” Windsom stressed. “And I’m not in the position to tell you if she hasn’t 
told you herself.”
“You know, when I first met you, I figured you were pretty up there. Now, not so much,” 
I chuckled as we continued deeper into the forest.
“Watch your tongue, human. Even if I was the lowest of asura rank, I’d still be stronger 
than any of you lesser races in Dicathen,” Windsom retorted.
“My bad. I guess I struck a nerve?” I held my arm up in concession.
Exasperated, Windsom merely shook his head in silence. We soon reached the 
teleportation gate that Windsom had set up, glowing in radiating light as it reflected 
the destination it was set to.
“Remind me again why you set the gate so far from the cottage?” I asked, approaching 
the gate.
“Lady Myre’s protection field ends here,” he said simply as he dipped his right foot in 
through the glowing circle. “Now come. Your instructor isn’t one for waiting.”
As Windsom’s body disappeared through the gate, I followed immediately after. Over 
the years, I had gotten used to the dizzying sensation of traveling through this method.
As I stepped out of the teleportation circle onto the sand-strewn ground, I couldn’t 
help but gaze in awe at the vastly different landscape we had traveled to. We were at 
the bottom of what appeared to be an enormous crater with imposing walls, carved 
by nature, towering over us on all sides. It looked like water once filled this giant hole 
at one point in time, but the only traces left now were the silver, ribbon-like fissures 
that lined the walls at varying heights. Plant life—life in general—seemed nonexistent 
as the harsh, arid air cut into my face. The uneven floor that spread across acres on 
end appeared to be constantly moving as the wind blew and spun debris in no 
particular rhythm or pattern.
“So my next training session is going to be here?” I confirmed, my voice quivering at 
the thought of spending weeks, or even months here. Because of the constant 
teleporting between my different training grounds, I couldn’t get a clear grasp of the 
continent of Epheotus; if I had come here under better circumstances, I would’ve 
wanted to explore the land of asuras.
“You’ve spent this past half-year training mostly in augmented melee combat. To put 
it simply, you’ve honed different skills in key aspects necessary to fight in a war. Now, 
you’ll start fitting everything together into a cohesive style that utilizes your elemental 
magic and your melee combat skills.” As the asura explained, he seemed to be 
searching for something as his eyes scanned over the distance.
“And this instructor will help me do this?” I surveyed around us as well.
“Ah, he’s here,” Windsom announced, ignoring my question.
“So this is him? He’s the pup that’s supposed to be the hero, leading Dicathen to victory 
against the Vritra-raised armies and their disgusting little Lessurans?” A deep, bass 
voice reverberated clearly from the top of the gorge.
The insect-sized figure standing on top of the crater’s edge, shadowed from the sun 
shining at his back, leaped up, growing larger as he descended like a meteor toward 
us.
Upon landing, an explosion of sand and debris made both Windsom and I shield 
ourselves. As we waited for the dust cloud to clear, a large hand shot out from inside 
the cloud and lifted me off the ground. Even as I struggled using mana, the giant hand’s 
grip around my waist refused to relent.
As I was pulled into the cloud of debris, a firm, deep voice resonated, shaking me to 
my very core. “Hello, Pup.”
As the cloud dissipated, I was able to make out the source of the voice and the one I’d 
been trying to hopelessly free myself from.
In either of my lives, I’d never seen a beast like this before. The beast that had grabbed 
me seemed to be made entirely out of polished stone. Instead of eyes, two hollowedout cavities radiating a pale glow that studied me with intelligence. With protruding 
mandibles that reminded me of an ape’s, the beast let out a deep rumble, trembling 
the very organs inside my body.
By how far my feet were dangling off the ground, it was easily over five meters tall. 
However, despite the situation I was in, under this terrifying presence emitted by my 
captor, I couldn’t help but stare in awe at what I beheld.
There was no flaw in the beast’s stone hide. It was as if the very earth had 
painstakingly polished this monster for millions of years, etching away any of the flaws 
it once could’ve had. The glossy stone that made up the gigantic ape’s body and face 
glittered like the ocean against the afternoon sun, enveloping it in an almost holy aura 
despite its grotesque form.
Suddenly, cracks began surfacing on the beast’s body, splintering off into endless 
branches as the same pale light of its eyes surfaced from the thin fissures.
The giant hand that wrapped around me loosened before crumbling into fine sand, 
just like the rest of the beast’s body. I fell to my feet as I watched the mound of sand, 
formerly the stone beast, slowly begin spreading onto the ground.
From the remains of the articulately conjured golem stood a thin, frail-looking man 
dressed in a shabby white coat. “From your expression, I’m guessing that didn’t scare 
you—only surprised you at best,” he muttered, clicking his tongue in annoyance.
“Arthur, I’d like you to meet Wren. He’s going to be your instructor for quite a while, 
so get acquainted.” Windsom had an amused sparkle in his eyes as he said this.
Out of all the asuras I had crossed paths with, Wren was by far the most unremarkable. 
With the body frame of a malnourished shut-in underneath his oversized coat, he 
stared at me intently, heavily hunched. The deep bags drooping beneath his half-
closed, tired eyes were almost as dark as the greasy black hair that fell over his face 
like wet seaweed, obviously left unwashed for days. That, coupled with the uneven 
stubble that spread across his chin and cheeks made for a man who would be looked 
down on by even the dirtiest of vagrants.
Still, I knew better than to judge a man, much less an asura, by his outward 
appearance. Hell, without a decent shower or haircut in months, I had no right to say 
anything.
Dipping my head, I formally introduced myself to my new instructor. “Nice to meet 
you, my name is Arthur Leywin. I’ll be in your care.”
“Windsom,” the asura shifted his gaze, ignoring me. “What are the ramifications that 
the human society places on one who is tardy?”
“Excuse me? Ramifications?” I asked.
“A severed finger or toe, perhaps? No, that seems a bit severe. Imprisonment or social 
isolation seems more appropriate,” the hunched asura muttered to himself as he 
rubbed his stubbled chin.
“What are you talking about? There aren’t any ramifications or consequences for being 
a bit late!” I sputtered incredulously.
“What?” The asura looked genuinely surprised. “None at all? No punitive actions are 
taken whatsoever for such behavior?”
“It is looked down upon, but no, there are no formal charges one faces for being late,” 
Windsom intervened.
"How odd. For races that have such a minuscule lifespan, I would've imagined you guys 
placed more importance on time more than anything else. Such a backward race, you 
humans," he murmured.
Despite his rude words, there was a truth to them. I couldn't help but stifle a laugh at 
the apparent irony of us "lesser races."
As the thin, shabby-looking asura continued to take mental notes, I couldn’t help but 
shoot a questioning glance at Windsom.
“Regardless of my ignorance on the social intricacies of human conduct, we should 
move on to why you’re here. As well as why I’ve come to this god-forsaken crater at 
the tip of a mountain.” Waving his hand as if to discard his needless thoughts, the asura 
approached me.
“Arthur, was it?” my new instructor asked.
“Mhmm.”
“I want you to strip.” The asura’s gaze was unrelenting as he tapped his foot with 
impatience.
“Of course you do,” I muttered quietly under my breath.
“What was that?” He snapped.
“Not a single thing.” Letting out a sigh, I stripped down to my underwear. “Is this good 
enough, or would you like to study my family jewels as well?”
“The supposed savior of the lesser beings has quite the mouth,” Wren replied 
sardonically. He began circling me, poking me with his finger now and then. When the 
asura saw the white feather that Sylvia had left me wrapped around my arm, he 
removed it.
“Hey!” I exclaimed.
“Dragon’s feather. Truly a crafting material too rare to be wasting as an arm warmer, 
don’t you think?” the frail asura marveled.
“Crafting material?” I echoed, curious.
“The feathers on our wings are a particular type of scale that have many unique 
properties. From the day we are born, we never shed the feathers that make up our 
wings, so for a dragon to deliberately give someone his or her feathers signifies trust 
and affection,” Windsom answered.
Wren handed the long feather back to me. “I never knew,” I replied, looking at the long,
white feather that felt silky between my fingers.
“How come Myre didn’t tell me about this?” I turned to Windsom.
“She must’ve had her reasons,” the asura answered in a dismissive tone.
Wren resumed his inspection, occasionally placing a finger or two over the major 
arteries and counting to himself.
“Spread your arms out,” Wren suddenly ordered. I did as told, hoping that abiding his 
commands would hasten the process.
I entertained myself with the amusing and slightly embarrassing fact that I was in the 
middle of a barren crater with two asuras watching me, almost completely naked.
The hunched asura continued to study me, muttering random numbers to himself. The 
afternoon sun cooked my skin as I continued to be examined like some laboratory 
mouse until Wren finally spoke again.
“We’ll start by firing a basic spell from all of the elements you can conjure. Use only 
your right hand to release the spell.” The asura placed his palm on my solar plexus and 
grabbed my right wrist. “Begin!”
I fired off a series of simple spells in no particular order: fire, water, ice, lightning, 
wind, then earth.
After I had finished, Wren began muttering to himself once again.
We continued testing with increasingly complex spells. Wren instructed the very form 
he wanted me to conjure the spell into, down to the very diameter of the stone pillar I 
was to erect from the ground.
Windsom quietly watched throughout the whole process, never uttering a single word 
unless asked. Whatever uncomfortableness or embarrassment I had during the 
beginning of this in-depth analysis was gone by the time the sun fell.
“Basic measurements and calculations are accounted for,” Wren announced, letting 
out a groan as he stretched his back and neck. “Moving on to effective use of mana arts 
in battle.”
Suddenly, he whipped around and pointed a long, pale finger at me. “Boy! Fire a spell 
over there. Quick!” The asura’s crackled voice rang as his finger shifted, pointing to a 
small, earthen golem that he had just conjured up.
On instinct, I turned to face the golem on command and gathered mana into my palm, 
manifesting it into a bolt of electricity that I fired at the target. The dummy golem 
shattered upon impact, crumbling into a small pile of rocks just about twenty meters 
away from where we were.
Without a change in expression, the pale-faced asura whipped his body in a different 
direction and pointed about thirty meters away, erecting another golem. “Again!”
I conjured another spell in my palm, but as I prepared to fire it, a heavy blow struck 
the back of my left leg, jerking me to my knee. The spell I had manifested in my palm 
shot out into the sky, missing the golem by a long shot.
Behind me was another golem that Wren had erected, standing with its arms crossed. 
Annoyingly enough, the golem had an arrogant grin etched into its faceless head.
Meanwhile, my instructor was staring at the bolt of fire that sailed across the sky, 
waving it goodbye.
“You missed!” he gasped in feigned surprise, his eyes remaining half-closed.
“So you’re one of those guys,” I cursed under my breath. I placed my palm on the golem, 
and with a few thoughts, it glowed bright red before crumbling into ashen remains. 
“Again,” I echoed through gritted teeth, standing back up on my feet.
“A tough one,” he whistled, taking out a small notebook and pen from his coat and 
scribbling something down.
From the very beginning, Wren had come off as an eccentric—reminding me a lot of 
Gideon—except I now knew that he was on a different level of weird than the old 
scientist back in Dicathen.
“Look, you’ve been making me do menial tasks all day. I’m fine with that, but I’d be 
more patient and willing if I actually knew what you were trying to figure out with 
your measurements and notes,” I pointed out.
“I doubt you’d be able to comprehend what I tell you.” Wren shook his head, waving 
dismissively at me.
“Try me,” I challenged, still virtually naked.
He explained that he’d been making calculations and speculations based on the 
milliseconds it took for mana to move accordingly within my body before it 
manifested. Besides the condescending tone he had used throughout his explanation, 
his insights were brilliant.
“There’s still a lot to account for that you didn’t measure, though,” I interjected. “We 
still need to account for the environment that we’re in right now. I find myself most 
comfortable using fire and water elemental spells, but water-affinity mana is lacking 
in this area.”
“Of course I put all of that into account. How long do you think I’ve been doing this 
for?” Wren’s condescending gaze shifted, however, as he stared at me curiously. “How 
old did you say you were?”
“Nearly fifteen now,” I answered, calculating in my head how long it had been since I 
came here.
“Huh. Not entirely brainless, I guess,” Wren shrugged.
I’d known the asura for less than a day, and I already knew that this was as much of a 
compliment that I would ever get from him. “So what’s next?”
“More tests. We’ll continue with a long range mana manipulation analysis,” Wren 
answered, looking around. The crater had turned dim, with only the moonlight shining 
above our heads.
Suddenly, the ground trembled underneath us. Out on the edge of the crater to our 
right were more golems. Even from here, I could make out hundreds of the humansized stone golems approaching us.
The golems, much like the giant one that had first appeared, glittered in the dim 
moonlight as they marched in our direction.
I couldn’t help but ask in awe, “How many golems can you conjure at a time?”
“Depends on the complexity of the golem but those guys, a few thousand or so. Now, 
go all out.” Wren pointed his fingers at the golems, indicating for me to blow them up.
As the army of golems continued to draw closer, I activated Realmheart. I could feel 
my lips curl into a smile as the almost addictive feeling of my senses integrating with 
the world’s mana filled my body.
I unleashed everything I had in my arsenal, raining down an array of spells as Wren 
observed me scrutinizingly.
These golems were much sturdier than an average golem, but I managed to destroy 
the few hundred that Wren had conjured in less than an hour. I controlled my 
breathing as my chest continued to heave. I was tired, but destroying a few hundred 
golems did just the trick to relieve some of the stress I had.
“It’s as you said, Windsom. What a peculiar child he is. To have Realmheart, as well as 
a decent control over the elements at his age… He makes an excellent test subject.” For 
the first time, Wren’s face contorted into something akin to a smile.
“What’s next?” I asked, letting out a deep, content breath.
“Having fun, are we? It’ll start being less fun once they start hitting back,” Wren 
snickered. “Anyway, I still have to take into account the physical capabilities you 
possess. Windsom told me you’re quite adept with a sword and you’ve recently 
learned combat under Kordri’s instructions. So I’ll be taking those facts into account 
as we begin our next phase.”
“I understand, but for how long am I going to be naked?” I asked, looking at the pile of 
clothes that was now partially buried in debris.
“I’m analyzing every movement you make so it’d be better if you stay unclothed,” he 
answered. “Don’t worry. I’m not exactly filled with pleasure looking at your bare skin, 
either.”
Letting out a faint smile, I responded, “Very comforting.”
“Anyway. Let me take a look at the primary weapon you would use in a battle.”
Windsom had passed on the dimension ring I always kept my sword in to Myre when 
she was taking care of me; she had given it back to me after I was healed. Taking out 
Dawn’s Ballad from my ring—still inside its scabbard—I handed it to Wren.
I wasn’t sure what I was expecting from the thin asura when handing the blade to him. 
But I wasn’t expecting him to burst out laughing upon seeing my weapon.
The mysterious blade that I had stumbled upon looked like an ordinary black stick 
when it was still inside its sheath. Because of this, Wren might’ve mistaken it for a toy. 
“Here, let me show—”
“I know what it is, boy! Windsom, did you know of this when you asked me to train 
him?” Wren turned to the white-haired asura behind me.
“I had an inkling,” he confessed.
Wren gripped Dawn’s Ballad in both hands and began to tug on it.
“It’s not going to unsheathe. Only I’m able to…” my voice trailed off as I watched, wideeyed, at the sword being drawn effortlessly by the thin asura.
The sword that I had paired with was only supposed to open at my command. 
However, even I was only able to unsheathe it in the first place because of Sylvia’s 
Dragon Will. “H-How?” I stuttered before coming to a realization. “Is it because you’re 
an asura that you can draw the sword I’ve bonded with?”
“No,” the asura answered, holding my sword up as he inspected its translucent teal 
blade. “It’s because I made this sword.”
“Wait, you made this sword?” I echoed with obvious skepticism. Since coming across 
such a mysterious sword, I had often wondered who this W.K IV was. More than once 
had I scoured through the library of Xyrus Academy in hopes to find the smith with 
those initials, only to be met with disappointment and a dizzying amount of royal 
names.
“Was I speaking a different language?” Wren replied curtly, his eyes still inspecting 
Dawn’s Ballad.
Ignoring his quip, I changed my approach. “Okay, so assuming that you did forge this 
sword, what was it doing in Dicathen?”
Until now, I had assumed that my sword was of dwarven origin because of their 
specialty in this craft. A dark, bulky, bear of a man with a thick beard and bulging arms 
covered with hair and hands hardened with callouses had always come to mind when 
imagining the maker of Dawn’s Ballad; the typical stereotype associated with smiths 
and other metalworkers. Instead, this bony man that looked like he’d get tired holding 
a pen for too long stated that he had forged this sword.
“Dawn’s Ballad was one of my experimental weapons—more or less a failure. I tossed 
it away in the Beast Glades of your continent on one of my visits to gather minerals, 
assuming that no one would be able to even tell it was anything other than a black 
stick, much less open it. To think that it had somehow ended up in your possession… 
What are the odds?” The asura actually began to calculate the probability of this before 
I interrupted him.
“A failure? I’ve never seen a sword of better quality and make in my life. What makes 
it a failure?” I pressed.
“As much as a compliment your words may be, comparing my weapons—no matter 
how poor in quality—to the primitive tools used by you lesser races only insults me.” 
He clicked his tongue. “I had forged this sword as more of a one-size-fits-all weapon. I 
must’ve been drunk when I thought that was a good idea. This sword just came out to 
be a sharp tool, nothing more, nothing less.” Wren finally pried his eyes off of the 
sword and exchanged glances at Windsom. “But this makes things interesting.”
Looking over my shoulder, I could see Windsom’s stoic face break into a smile as he 
replied, “I thought it might. So what do you think after meeting him? Will you do it?”
“What is going on?” I interrupted, lost. I began to grow afraid that the asura might 
claim back his weapon or even dispose of it completely for the sake of his pride. There 
was no doubt that I would never find a sword of this quality despite it being a “failure.”
“Arthur, I brought you here to Wren to accomplish two things. The first one, I had 
mentioned earlier. While his methods are unconventional, Wren has an usually keen 
eye in the practical theory of combat. The second reason was in hopes that Wren 
would produce a sword that is a better fit for your own unique form of combat.”
“Is that true?” I turned to Wren. “You’ll really forge a sword for me?”
“I don’t forge swords, brat. I create them. And I only came to train you because I owed 
a favor to Lord Indrath. His favor didn’t extend to wasting my time, making a sword 
for a lesser being.” Wren slid Dawn’s Ballad into its scabbard. “Anyways, I’m going to 
hold onto this sword for now.”
“For now? So you’ll give it back to me?” I confirmed, still apprehensive.
“Boy, Dawn’s Ballad might be just a sharp tool, but it still chose you. I’m not proud of 
this particular piece, but I’m not going to take it away from you,” he replied. The asura 
then stretched his arm in front of him and a sword suddenly emerged from the ground 
below. Grabbing the sword by its hilt, he tossed it to me. “For now, use this while 
training. I created it to measure the movements the user produces and the force of the 
impact it receives.”
“And you can just summon it from the ground at any time?” I asked, holding the 
seemingly normal shortsword in my hands.
“Out of everything I’ve done so far, you’re surprised by this?” Wren shook his head, 
motioning his hand at me. “Let me also hold onto the dragon feather.”
“What? Why this too?” I retreated, clasping my hand over my arm to cover the white 
feather.
“Do you find an innate urge to question everything I do?” the hunched asura snapped.
I reluctantly handed over the white feather over to Wren, scratching the scar I received 
after being bonded to Sylvie. Without the feather to cover it up, I felt bare, as if my skin 
had been removed.
Wren tucked the feather into his coat. “Now, I’m aware that you lesser beings need 
much more sleep than we do, so get some rest.”
“Wait, so we’re spending the night out here in the center of this barren crater?” I asked, 
looking around.
“Who said anything about we? Windsom and I have matters to attend to. And besides, 
there’s not always going to be a fluffy bed waiting for you during war, so I’m doing this 
for you.” The asura had a wicked smirk on his face as Windsom conjured a 
teleportation gate.
“Try to get some rest, Arthur,” Windsom advised just before stepping into the gate.
As the glowing runes making the teleportation circle faded, it grew eerily quiet. The 
occasional whistles of wind were the only sounds to be heard as I let out a sigh. 
Slipping my dusty clothes back on, I conjured up two slabs of earth to form a makeshift 
tent.
I must’ve knocked out as soon as laid my head against the pile of rocks I had gathered 
because a violent tremble caused me to smack my head against my stone pillow, jolting
me awake in pain. I lowered the stone tent that I had created to be startled by the sight 
of countless golems encircled around my camp. Each of them wielded a different 
weapon but they all raised their weapons above their stone heads and swung down in 
unison.
My body acted on autopilot as I instinctively raised a dome of earth to protect me. With 
an explosive thud, the dome had crumbled and the debris fell on top of me. I was still 
dazed by the situation when Wren’s amplified voice resounded from above.
“You will never truly be at rest while you’re in the middle of a war, kid. You need to get 
used to fighting effectively in a suboptimal state. Now, strip your clothes and resume 
battle.”
“That damned lunatic,” I cursed. I could still hear the movements of the golems around 
me, waiting for me to come back up.
Gathering mana around me, I waited for them to draw in as close as possible. Once 
their footsteps were in range, I released my spell.
[Gale Force]
Instead of aiming it at them, I released the spell on the ground below me, creating a 
large cloud of sand and debris to cover me. Some of the closer golems were shoved 
back by force, giving me enough space to maneuver around as the sand covered their 
vision of me.
I lunged myself at the nearest golem, raising my testing sword in one fluid swipe. I 
knew that Wren wanted to mimic the environment of war, so I acted as if the golems 
were actual humans. I slashed at the golem’s jugular, and as expected, the golem fell 
on the floor, spewing a red liquid from its wound.
Another golem—this one wielding a large halberd—charged at me from behind. As it 
lowered its stance to thrust its weapon at me, I pivoted with my sword in position to 
parry the head of the halberd. However, even with a body strengthened with Sylvia’s 
will on top of mana, I was thrown off balance at the force of the stab. I spun to alleviate 
some of the momentum caused by the blow, but I had no time to breath as another 
golem shoved me with his iron shield.
Annoyed, I lashed out with a punch, my fist clad in lightning. The metal shield 
crumbled and the golem was shocked to the ground. Just then, the golem wielding the 
halberd swung his weapon at my head.
However, another golem, one of a different color, blocked my attacker with his shield.
“You’ll have allies in battle, Arthur. As one of the main players in the battle, it’ll be up 
to you whether you choose to be on the offensive—plowing through the lines of 
enemies—or staying near your team, keeping them alive.” I saw Wren overhead, 
floating in the sky as he sat on an earthen throne along with Windsom.
The battle resumed as the pile of golem corpses stacked on top of one another on the 
battlefield. I imagined the anthropomorphic summons made of stone as humans 
instead. The scene back in the dungeon, Widow’s Crypt, flashed to mind, leaving me a 
little nauseous.
As the hours drove on, the mock war that Wren had me endure began taking its toll. I 
understood more and more why gaining this experience was so crucial.
I had experienced wars only from the backline, strategizing for different scenarios on 
a macro level. Now, being in the middle of the battlefield, there were so many factors 
that differed from the usual duels that I had grown accustomed to since my previous 
life: the corpses and severed limbs that one could trip over, the blood that accumulated 
on the ground to form puddles that one could slip on. Even with the bright colors 
indicating the different sides the golems were on, it was easy to accidentally swing at 
an ally in the heat of a battle, creating a mental toll on reckless attacks that could 
potentially put allies in harm’s way.
As much as I hated giving credit to the eccentric asura, Wren did well creating an 
optimal learning environment. I wasn’t sure what sort of magic he had used, but the 
red liquid that the golems bled were very similar to that of blood. Soon, as the corpses 
of both enemy golems and ally golems increased and the blood-like liquid dyed the 
ground, a foul smell exuded the battlefield.
I realized how precious my mana reserves were as the hours of continuous battle 
dragged on. Even with my mana core at the mid-silver stage and my use of Mana 
Rotation, I had to know how to conserve my usage of magic. Flashy, long-range spells 
were better left to the conjurers in the back line as I spent my mana protecting myself 
and only in cases of emergency.
Throughout the battle, Wren shouted out pointers, advising me to avoid being herded 
into a corner as I continued to mow down enemy golems. Every now and then, golems 
that were stronger than usual would pop up, throwing me off guard as they massacred 
the golems on my side. I didn’t want to admit it, but I was positive that Wren could 
easily conjure a golem capable of killing me if he wanted to.
The day ended when I was able to take down all of the major golems that Wren had 
been so kind to distinguish with golden crowns on top of their heads.
“That was brutal,” I sighed, laying flat on the ground. I was in an almost constant state 
of battle from the moment I was rudely awakened, with no chance to eat, drink, or 
even pee.
Dinner was spent around a fire after Wren casually removed the golems and fake 
blood with a swipe of his hand. We began by debriefing the battle; Windsom had yet 
to return from wherever he and Wren went last night, so it was only Wren that was 
present to point out the mistakes I had made, from the minor ones to the potentially 
fatal ones.
“The total number of casualties on your side was 271 golems, while the other side had 
512. Not an impressive victory considering the level I had made the golems on the 
enemy side,” Wren read off from his notes.
“Maybe it’s because they look like stone gorillas that I feel no empathy for them, 
regardless of whether they’re on my team or not,” I countered, biting into a tofu-like 
substance that Wren had given me to eat.
“I’ll keep that in mind. Go to sleep now. Tomorrow isn’t going to get any easier,” Wren 
replied as he jotted down some notes.
I had grown used to Wren’s sharp way of talking, as if even his words were a scarce 
commodity. Turning away from them, I conjured a makeshift bed of soft sand and 
hoped that the next time I was awakened wouldn’t be by an army of golems.
My thoughts ran amok during this period of rest. I thought about my role in the 
previous world. While there were a lot of flaws in the way the world was governed in 
my past life, I had to admit, things were simpler for me. When the outcome of nearly 
all problems rested on just one battle, it was black or white. Wars almost never 
happened unless it was a multi-country dispute. Even then, mass-scaled battles 
happened in controlled environments to minimize the death counts. This upcoming 
war wouldn’t have that. There were too many shades of grays to be accounted for.
I speculated on the different scenarios that could potentially happen because of this 
war. What would the casualties be? And to what extent should the end outweigh these 
casualties? I pondered. I had no one I cared for back on Earth. However, was I willing 
to sacrifice my loved ones for the “greater good?” Undoubtedly not.
I didn’t remember falling asleep, but I hardly did these days. To my surprise, I was able 
to get a good night’s rest. While my arms and legs ached from overuse, there were no 
golems on sight, leaving me more suspicious than relieved.
Suddenly, a bloodcurdling scream from behind made me whip around. What I saw 
bewildered me just as much as it filled me with horror.
With two, black horns gleaming menacingly against the morning sun, an asura of the 
Vritra Clan stood over me. Covered from the neck down in completely black-plated 
armor, the basilisk in human form opened his lips into a triumphant grin to reveal a 
row of jagged teeth, and in his grasp was someone I thought I would never see here.
I was barely able to form a word as another gut-wrenching scream was ripped out 
from the Vritra’s hostage. “T-Tess?”
“Arthur! Please, help!” Tess choked out a desperate scream as I stood there, petrified 
at the turn of events. It really was Tessia Eralith. From her long, gunmetal-grey hair, to 
her turquoise eyes filled with tears, my childhood friend had somehow been dragged 
here from Dicathen.
Tess sputtered into a series of pained coughs as the basilisk tightened its grip around 
her waist.
Wasting no time, I charged at the black-horned asura with the practice sword Wren 
had left me. The repercussions of such a reckless course of action passed unheeded as 
I drew in, sword ablaze.
[Realmheart]
The familiar burning sensation spread through my body as I activated the rare bloodtrait skill of the dragons. My sight altered into an enhanced, mana-focusing vision and 
golden-white runes glowed brightly beneath my clothes.
I drew forth the rampant energy from within Sylvia’s dragon will.
[Static Void]
This was the first time I had used the skill I had unlocked with the first phase of Sylvia’s 
will. I could see the purple specks of aether suddenly trembling around us as they 
buzzed into formation. Suddenly, the world stopped around me. The Vritra’s face was 
stuck in a menacing smirk while Tess was paused with her hair flailed about, midscream.
I could feel the seconds draining away my energy as I dashed towards the Vritra. 
Arriving right in front of my enemy, I released Static Void as soon as I was in position 
to strike at the hand grasping Tess.
The horned asura had no time to react at my attack as the blade of my sword sliced 
right through its forearm.
The horned asura let out an infuriated roar as he clutched his wound. I pried open the 
fingers that were still gripped around Tess’s waist and gently set her down on the 
ground. She was unconscious and ghastly pale, but still alive and breathing.
The basilisk’s severed hand was still spilling blood profusely, but when I turned to face 
my foe, he had already replaced his severed appendage with a metallic claw.
I kept close to Tess with my right hand gripping my sword and my left hand preparing 
a spell. I could see the yellow, earthen particles gathering at the tip of the basilisk’s 
false hand. I used the full extent of the limited knowledge I had gained from reading 
mana movement from Myre as I readied my counterattack as well.
As expected, the tips of the basilisk’s clawed fingers exploded toward me. Just as the 
five earthen spears accelerated, I raised my hand and fired a condensed burst of 
electricity. Three of the five earthen finger spears shattered upon impact as I parried 
another spear with the flat of my blade. I began gathering mana into my legs to charge 
at the basilisk by impulse, but an unsettling sensation crept up; the last spear was way 
too off course to have been aimed at me.
I whipped my head back to see the dark, earthen spear about to impale the 
unconscious Tess when I activated Static Void once more.
It felt like someone was stabbing needles into my heart as I raced toward my childhood 
friend. My mind whirled in fear and near-panic as I laid out my options. I could step in 
the path of the spear and use my body to shield Tess, but the injury I would sustain 
from the blow would leave me unable to protect her from the basilisk immediately 
after. I could also extend Static Void to encompass Tess and push her out of the spear’s 
path, but spreading the effects of Static Void to include another person would take a 
massive toll on my body.
I chose to go with the third option. Dropping my sword, I grabbed the spear that was 
paused mid-flight at Tess with both hands and braced myself.
Releasing Static Void, my body lurched forward as I tried to stop the earthen spike the 
size of Tessia herself with my bare hands. With a desperate spurt of strength, I 
managed to hold onto the speeding spike, my hands barely large enough to get a firm 
grip, long enough to drive it off-course.
The earthen spear that the basilisk fired buried itself from the ground just inches away 
from where Tess lay, creating a web of cracks from the sheer force of the impact. My 
hands were bloody and raw from gripping onto the speeding projectile, and my breath 
was pained and unsteady. Myre had been right. No matter how much I practiced Static 
Void, because my body wasn’t compatible with using aether to effect time, it would 
always put an enormous amount of strain on my body.
However, with the level that I was at currently, I needed to use all of the tools I had in 
order to have a fighting chance with a basilisk. The thought of both Tess and I in the 
cruel state that a basilisk had left Alea, the former lance, down in the dungeon, filled 
me with dread.
Each breath felt like there was a fire in my lungs as I positioned myself between the 
approaching two-horned basilisk and the unconscious Tess. I picked up my sword 
with a grimace at the pain and poured mana into it. Despite the strain my body had 
incurred from activating Realmheart and using Static Void twice, my mana reserves 
were still abundant thanks to the constant use of Mana Rotation.
I could maybe last long enough for either Wren or Windsom to arrive, but the problem 
was that for whatever reason, this basilisk was focused on harming Tess. I was 
contemplating my next course of action when it all clicked.
“Wren, enough of this!” I roared, stabbing my sword into the ground.
Nothing happened at first and, for a split second, I was afraid I had been wrong, but 
the towering basilisk stopped abruptly in his tracks before crumbling into fine dust.
Behind me was another mound of fine sand where the golem in the shape of Tess had 
been.
“You caught on rather quick. I was hoping to see how you played out the situation a bit 
more.” Wren emerged from the rocky ground, dusting off his shabby white coat.
“It’s hard not to catch on with such an absurd scenario, Wren. I hope you don’t get a 
kick out of doing things like this,” I retorted, disgruntled.
“How does one receive a kick from training? Improper teaching methods, perhaps? Is 
it a disciplinary action you lesser beings do to one another?”
“No, it’s an idiom—nevermind,” I sighed, shaking my head at the confused asura.
“Regardless of your illogical expression, what I did was for your benefit. Look at the 
state you’re in now; you’ve expended most of your energy on recklessly attempting to 
save that elf,” Wren grunted.
“Look. I know it wasn’t the best course of action, and I hate to say it, but there are 
people that I consider more important than anyone else, including myself.” I held my 
gaze firmly as Wren continued to study me.
“Hmm. Well, familial bonds and mates are important, even for asu—”
“Wait, what? Mate? Tess isn’t a mate.”
“Oh? From what Windsom told me and by your reaction, I was sure that her 
importance went above that of just infatuation. You two haven’t yet engaged in carnal 
intimacy?”
“No! I haven’t engaged in… carnal intimacy yet! Look, this is beside the point, Wren.” I 
could feel my face beginning to burn as the asura pondered his miscalculation.
“Huh. My apologies then.” Wren shrugged, his expression as apathetic as before. “Well, 
my point is that, in war, there will come a time when your enemies will try and exploit 
whatever weaknesses you hold. Considering that you will be one of the main powers 
on Dicathen’s side, all the more so.”
“Trust me; I know that.” Flashes of my previous life came to mind at this subject. I 
knew that there would be a point in time when the values of this life, the ones that 
went against my principles as King Grey, would come to hinder me.
“Then I suppose it’d be pointless for me to go on. Expect more training and tribulations 
like these, boy. Part of why I was tasked to nurture you out of your diapers is because 
I can single-handedly create all sorts of scenarios,” the hunched asura explained as he 
idly fiddled with his unruly hair.
Having lived two different lives, I wanted to refute his statement about me being in 
diapers, but I remembered that even with the combined span of time I’d been alive 
for—in both worlds—I’d still be much younger than any of the asuras I had met so far.
Taking a deep breath, I sat down on the ground. “So you can just create a dummy of 
anything using the earth?”
“Not anything. I wouldn’t be able to mimic the properties of water using earth, but 
mostly, yes,” the asura answered, sitting down on an extravagantly golden throne he 
conjured without even a snap of a finger.
I thought back to when I had faced the fake basilisk. Every detail of both the blackhorned asura and Tess had been spot on. However, there were two things that gave it 
away. One was that the golem of the basilisk couldn’t emit the amount of pressure and 
killing intent it normally would. However, that wasn’t what threw me off. Besides the 
probability of a basilisk holding Tess all the way here in Epheotus being almost 
nonexistent, under the influence of Realmheart, I was able to see the mana fluctuation 
of yellow earthen particles all over the basilisk and Tess. I couldn’t figure it out at first 
because I failed to stay levelheaded, but as I realized what was happening, I was about 
ninety-percent sure.
“Is it impossible for lesser beings to reach such a level of insight to perform the level 
of mana arts asuras are capable of?” I wondered aloud.
“It goes against my nature to rule anything as impossible, so I’m just going to say that 
it is highly improbable. You of all people shouldn’t be so worried about probabilities 
though.”
“Why is that?” I asked.
“Well, the fact that you’re a walking testament to how skewed probabilities can be. 
With your innate ability to comprehend the workings of the four main elements as 
well as some of their deviating elemental forms coinciding so neatly with the fact that 
comprehension of all four elements is necessary to unlock the mysteries of aether that 
you’ve been so kindly bestowed by the very princess of dragons, every bit about you 
is an outlier, boy,” Wren explained. “Even asuras don’t have that much innate talent 
and luck.”
“If that’s your way of cheering me up, thank you,” I chuckled, getting back up to my 
feet. “Now, what’s next on our to-do list?”
“Before that, boy, give me your dominant hand.” Wren got up from his makeshift 
throne and walked towards me.
Spreading my right hand with my palm facing up, I stared at the asura curiously. I could 
never read his face since he always had the same tired expression, like he’d drop to 
the floor snoring at any moment.
Taking out a small, black case the size of a fist from his coat pocket, he opened it and 
held out a small, pyramid-shaped, opaque gem. “This is a mineral called an acclorite. 
Now, by itself, it’s a rather rare but useless piece of rock. However, with the right 
refining and synthesizing process that I will keep to my grave, it is capable of doing 
something remarkable.”
“As in, speeding up the training process of the user?” I guessed.
“Remember when I said I don’t forge swords, but create them?” the hunched asura 
asked, still holding out the tiny gem in front of me.
I nodded in reply.
“Well, with the use of this small little gem and the right tools, I can essentially grow a 
weapon.”
“Grow? As in, grow like a tree?” I reiterated, sure that I had heard wrong.
“Yes,” the asura sighed, scratching his head. “I swear, you get surprised by the most 
odd things. You hardly bat an eye at the fact that I can conjure a near perfect replica of 
your mate—”
“Not my mate,” I cut off.
Rolling his eyes, he continued, “Yes, your elf lover that you have yet to copulate with, 
but you get shocked by the fact that I can grow a weapon?”
Letting out a defeated breath, I motion for him to continue.
“Normally, I would use the feedback from years, decades even, worth of constant 
observation of how you fight, in order to get the proper information to create a 
weapon that perfectly suits you, but because of the circumstances surrounding you, 
I’m going for a bit of a gamble by doing this,” Wren clarified.
“What do you me—” A sudden, sharp pain cut me off as the asura suddenly stabbed 
the gem into the center of my palm.
“Gah! What are you doing?” I winced as Wren continued burying the opaque gem 
deeper into my flesh until it was completely submerged under my skin.
“Oh I’m sorry, I forgot to count to three,” he jibed, rubbing my blood that’d gotten on 
his finger on my shirt. “I synthesized the acclorite with a portion of Lady Sylvia’s 
feather as well as a scale from Lady Sylvie. These are both indispensable parts of what 
make you who you are. By doing this, I’m going to hope that some of the 
unpredictabilities will be accounted for.”
“What would be so unpredictable?” I asked as I studied the small hole in my palm 
where the gem was buried.
“Every movement, action, thought, and change in your body will all factor into how 
your weapon will manifest. Even I have no idea how your weapon will turn out,” the 
asura confessed. “If it even comes out as a weapon.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m not quite following along, Wren. Why do it this way if the outcome 
is uncertain? And besides, I thought you weren’t going to make me a weapon?”
“Well, you’re going to need more than just a sharp stick to get by in the future if you’re 
going to be facing those ingenious basilisks from the Vritra Clan and whatever spawn 
they conjure up,” he grumbled.
The asura’s face turned solemn before continuing. “And it’s because we don’t have that 
much time.”
“Wait, I thought that I would have about two years left before the war starts?” I stared 
at Wren as an uneasy feeling crept up from the pit of my stomach.
There was a hesitant pause from Wren as he deliberated on what to say next.
“Kid, Windsom just received word from Aldir about the most recent news of Dicathen.”
“And?”
“Before I say anything else, Know that I’m telling you this against Windsom and Lord 
Indrath’s wishes. I want you to make the logical decision. With the help of the aether 
orb in some portions of the training, it’ll still take about a year before the acclorite 
manifests itself into a weapon. You’ll also need that much time to strengthen yourself 
for the war.” Wren’s face creased with something akin to worry as he explained.
“Just tell me,” I pressed.
“Arthur, although the full army has yet to arrive… the war has already started.”
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“I can fight, Grandpa!” I yelled, slamming my palms on the table.
“And I’m telling you that you can’t,” he snapped back as his eyes stayed glued to the 
document he was reading, refusing to meet my gaze.
“Enough, Tessia. Your grandfather is right. The risk of putting you out on the field is 
much too high and unnecessary right now,” Master Aldir’s commanding voice cut in.
“But, Master! Even you said yourself that I’m much stronger than I was before!” I 
argued, ignoring my grandfather.
“And that is still not enough.” The one-eyed asura’s tone was matter-of-fact.
I could feel my face burning hot as I did all I could from keeping my tears at bay. 
Refusing to let them see me cry, I stormed out of the study as Grandpa called out for 
me.
I marched down the long, narrow hallway lit by widely-spaced torches that flickered 
brightly against the cobblestone wall. I banked a left near the end of the hallway, 
reaching two, solid-iron doors guarded on either side by an armored augmenter and 
a well-dressed conjurer.
“Princess? What brings you here?” the conjurer called out, her voice laced with 
concern.
“Please open the doors,” I ordered, my eyes focused on the center of the entrance. 
Despite my sour mood, I couldn’t help but stare in awe at the unique doors that 
guarded this castle. I remembered that when it was first completed by Professor 
Gideon, even Master Aldir had been pleased by the craftsmanship.
“I-I’m sorry, we haven’t received any notice from Commander Virion or Lord Aldir that 
anyone would be leaving,” the armored augmenter muttered as he traded uncertain 
glances with his companion.
“Open the doors, she’s supposed to run an errand with me,” a familiar voice echoed 
from behind.
“General Varay!” Both guards saluted in unison before lowering themselves into a 
respectful bow.
Turning around, I let out a relieved smile at the lance, who had become more like an 
older sister to me these past two years.
The elegant, yet intimidating lance approached me with a steady and purposeful gait, 
her tight-fitting navy coat trailing gracefully behind her. Varay’s left hand rested on 
the pommel of the thin sword strapped to her waist as she nodded at me with her 
usual aloof expression.
The two guards immediately went to work opening the double doors. The conjurer 
mumbled a long incantation as the augmenter went to work pulling the various knobs 
and levers all over the intricate doors.
“Thank you, Varay.” I hugged her arm as we headed inside the room.
Once inside, the iron double doors closed behind us with a loud thud. While the room 
was heavily secured with a unique mechanism on the door that required a complex 
pattern of spells and precise movement of locks to open, the area it was guarding 
wasn’t nearly as noteworthy. The small, rather musty cylinder room was all but empty 
except for a single teleportation gate and a gateman in charge of controlling the gate’s 
destination.
The elderly gateman stood up straight at our sight, dropping the book he had been 
reading to pass the time. “General Varay, Princess Tessia, what can I do for you?”
Varay looked over her shoulder, waiting for me to speak.
“Etistin City, please,” I responded.
“Certainly!” The gateman went to work, mumbling over the ancient runes that allowed 
such complex magic.
The gate, a stone platform with a complicated sigil that marked the center of it, began 
glowing different colors before it focused on its directed location.
“All ready. Please take this emblem for identification when you use the gate at Etistin. 
This will be the only way the gateman over there will let you return to the castle,” the 
elderly gateman said as he handed the two of us a small metal locket with the threerace insignia on it.
“Surely they’d know who we are, right?” I asked as I tucked the locket in the inner 
pocket of my fitted robe.
The gateman shook his head. “Security has tightened throughout the continent 
because outside attacks have become more frequent. Even though Etistin is still quite 
a distance away from the Beast Glades, Commander Virion has employed stricter 
measures just in case.”
“I see.” I let out a sigh as I stepped up to the platform where the teleportation gate 
stood. “Are you sure you want to come with me to babysit me, Varay?”
“I just finished my lessons with Princess Kathlyn so a little break for me is fine,” she 
answered back curtly, stepping up behind me.
Our surroundings distorted as soon as we stepped into the gate, my vision being filled 
with a blurry montage of luminescent colors.
We arrived in seconds to the city that was once the humans’ capital in the country of 
Sapin. I remembered from school that the city was built on the western coast of the 
continent back then to be out of reach from the dwarven and elven countries as well 
as to keep as far away from the Beast Glades as possible.
However, almost years ago, after the war was announced, King Glayder basically tore 
down the city, as well as all the neighboring ones, and had it built back up as armored 
forts; this was in anticipation of the army of Alacrya most likely coming toward this 
side.
“Princess Tessia and General Varay!” the two gatemen exclaimed in surprise as they 
both gave a deep bow.
“We’re not here on official business. Please, relax,” I coaxed, smiling at the guards who 
all had concerned expressions. We left the secured room where the the gate was 
placed, stepping out into the busy streets. The both of us hid our faces underneath our 
woolen hoods to keep from attracting needless attention.
Outside, the streets were filled with a panorama of bustle and noise. Merchants 
wheeled their carts through the wide street as the vendors and entertainers that had 
set up small tents and canopies on either side of the large, main road were haggling 
with the housewives. Ever since Etistin was demolished and rebuilt as a military city, 
the economy relied on the soldiers and their families that were stationed here. Smiths 
and other craftsmen travelled here knowing that their work would be in high demand. 
Merchants soon went out of their way to set up shops here because of the evergrowing population that derived from how many soldiers were stationed.
Just walking down the street, you could see the soldiers, whether they were burly 
augmenters or lean conjurers, marching with weapons in hand. They all wore the 
same moss-green and silver uniform with the Triunion emblem that had become the 
official symbol of Dicathen.
“Was there anything specific you wanted to do?” Varay asked as she slowed her pace 
to match mine.
“Not particularly.” I shook my head. “I just wanted some fresh air and to be away from 
everyone in the castle.”
“Keep your sword out and ready at all times, Tessia,” Varay said, pointing to my empty 
waist.
Letting out a sigh, I replied, “I’m here with you, right? And besides, this city is like the 
farthest point from all of the fighting.”
Etistin was rebuilt to be the very last line of defense against the Alacryan army seeing 
as its location was farthest away from the battle and in an ideal location with most of 
its sides facing the ocean.
Our main forces had actually been sent out into the Beast Glades to explore dungeons 
because that was where the Alacryan forces had been popping out from. From what 
Grandpa Virion had deduced from their investigations, the unnatural occurrences that 
had happened over the past ten years, including the death of one of our lances, Alea, 
were for the purpose of setting up hidden teleportation gates in the depths of the 
dungeons. It would be hard for them to instantly teleport an army, but with enough 
time and enough individual teleportation gates, the Alacryan forces could muster up 
enough soldiers and mages to do considerable damage if they didn’t prepare 
beforehand.
After this news came to light, Master Aldir and my grandfather had to strategize on 
the defenses around the Beast Glades.
“In times of war, it’s necessary to always be ready for the worst case,” Varay replied.
I didn’t want to argue any further so I took out my sword from my dimension ring and 
strapped it to my waist underneath my wool cloak. “Happy?”
She nodded. “Satisfied.”
“So how is Kathlyn and Curtis doing with their training?” I asked quietly, stopping by 
a stall that had a particularly beautiful set of handcrafted jewelries.
“Bairon tells me Curtis is determined and hardworking, but that their progress is slow. 
He has definitely made progress but even as a beast tamer, his comprehension of mana 
is only average at best. Princess Kathlyn, on the other hand, is moving along well in 
her training. I was told she was always a bit more gifted than everyone else, and from 
these two years, I understand why,” Varay answered, looking apathetically at the 
jewels she had no fondness for.
“Well not more than everyone else,” I corrected when a dull ache gripped at my heart.
“You’re right. I forget at times that the boy is your guys’ age. Arthur is an anomaly of a 
whole different level, no doubt.” Varay nodded at herself. “I can only imagine what 
level he will be at when he comes back after training with the asuras.”
Even through her expressionless face, it was easy to tell that Varay was a bit envious 
of Arthur. After all, training with the asuras on a higher level than even Master Aldir 
was something that someone could only wish for in their dreams.
However, I knew firsthand how harsh the asuras were just from the dozen or so 
lessons I had received from Aldir over these past two years. Imagining myself under 
constant supervision by Master Aldir sent shivers down my spine.
As we continued walking down the main road, I admired the imposing outer walls that 
surrounded the whole city. I could barely see the small figures of guards patrolling on 
top of the wall from where I was standing. The city had been rebuilt so that the 
buildings build on the center of the city were the highest. The buildings and homes 
surrounding it all lowered the farther out someone went so that conjurers and long 
range augmenters could easily go on top of any of the buildings and have a clear shot 
at their enemies without fear of obstruction. Of course, this was only if the enemies 
were able to break in through the thick, mana-enforced walls that surrounded Etistin.
“Do you think the Alacryan army will be able to make it all the way here?” I asked, still 
staring at the outer walls. “I heard from Grandpa that Director Cynthia said Alacrya is 
to the west of Dicathen. Doesn’t that mean this place is closest to our enemy?”
“Yes, but she also said that they had no effective way of transporting significant 
amounts of soldiers across the ocean, which is why they’re going for a more discreet 
method of coming through teleportation gates that they had set up all over the Beast 
Glades,” she answered as she veered off to look at some of the weapons on display at 
a nearby forge.
“I see,” I mumbled. I felt bad for Director Cynthia, who had been confined for these two 
years. While Master Aldir was able to break enough of the curse that had bound her
from releasing any information about her homeland so that she could divulge some 
intelligence, Director Cynthia still ended up in a comatose state. At the expense of her 
consciousness, the woman who was once in charge of Xyrus Academy was able to tell 
us some critical information regarding her homeland. Now, she was simply lying, 
barely alive, in a room constantly taken care of by a nurse.
Much of the business regarding the war had caused a strain in my relationship with 
my grandfather. While he had always looked scary, Grandpa had always been the nice, 
embarrassing man who just wanted what was best for me. After he had taken on the 
role of commanding the militant forces with Master Aldir, who operated only in the 
shadows, his personality became darker and more strict.
I hated that it had to happen, but I didn’t blame Grandpa; at least I was able to see him 
more often than my mom and dad. My parents and Kathlyn’s parents were working 
the social front, doing everything they could to further strengthen and implement 
action from the cities. With the King and Queen Greysunders both killed, the dwarves 
were in rebellion, so our parents were working to, once again, gain their allegiance.
“Watch out!” someone suddenly yelled as he ran headfirst into me.
With my thoughts totally occupied elsewhere, my body ran on instinct as I grabbed his 
wrist while I pivoted my body. Placing my foot in front of his, the person tripped and I 
had him pinned down with my sword half-unsheathed, pressed against his throat, 
when I saw the person’s face.
“Emily?” I sputtered, alarmed.
“P-Princess?” she exclaimed, even more surprised than I was.
I quickly sheathed my sword and released my friend. Emily Watsken had been the only 
girl my age besides Kathlyn that I had spent any considerable amount of time with. 
Her master, Gideon, came in and out of the castle when he wasn’t engrossed in new 
gadgets and inventions that he believed could help out in the war.
“I’m so sorry, Emily. You just came kind of out of nowhere and my body reacted on its 
own,” I apologized, helping her gather the tools and books she had been carrying 
before I flipped her so gracefully on the ground.
“No, I should be more careful, haha! I was carrying way too many things and my 
glasses slipped so I couldn’t really make out where I was going. Besides, that was kinda 
fun. You know, in an abrupt and slightly brain-rattling sort of way,” Emily assured, her 
voice a bit shaky. Noticing the dark-haired lance next to me, she stiffened before 
bowing. “Hello, General Varay.”
“Greetings, Miss Watsken,” Varay nodded as she remained upright with no intention 
to help.
Emily tied back her thick, curly hair that had exploded out of its ponytail state because 
of me. As I stacked the items on Emily’s arms, I couldn’t help but notice the worn out 
pieces of paper filled with scribbles that had fallen out of her tattered notebook.
“What are you and Professor Gideon working on nowadays, anyway? I haven’t seen 
you at the castle in a while,” I took on some of Emily’s load once the stack of books had 
started reaching her face.
“Ugh, don’t call him Professor. My nutjob of a master can hardly be considered sane, 
let alone an educator of the future generations,” Emily huffed, letting out a tired sigh.
“Well, he was still a professor at Xyrus for a point in time before all of this happened,” 
I pointed out as I walked alongside her.
“Yeah, so you know as well as I do how many students were taken to the infirmary 
because of all the explosions and fires he’s caused in that limited ‘point in time,’” Emily 
muttered as she used the stack of books she was holding to push her glasses back up.
“You’ve had it rough, haven’t you?” I chuckled, bumping her gently with my shoulder.
“I swear, I think I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve had to dig up my master from a 
pile of debris and useless junk after an explosion he’d caused. Anyways, I was getting 
these observation notes that a team of adventurers had written back to Master Gideon. 
Do you want to come along?”
“Can I?” I asked, turning my head to Varay for consent. Giving me a curt nod in 
response, I agreed to follow along.
“How have you been these days anyway, Princess?” Emily asked as we weaved our way 
through the main road.
“Drop it with the ‘Princess,’ Emily; you know I hate that,” I scolded. “And I’ve been 
terrible. You have no idea how suffocating it is inside the castle.”
“Oh sure. The halls are pretty narrow and the ceilings are much too low for a castle,” 
she agreed, clumsily sidestepping a passerby.
“Ha, ha. You think you’re so clever.” I rolled my eyes.
“Hey, I’m a delight!” she puffed proudly. “Besides, try being stuck with someone like 
Master for hours a day and see what that does to your sense of humor.”
“Oh, woe is you! You’re a real damsel in need of a better social outlet.” I stuck my 
tongue out at her. Emily did the same as we eventually broke out into a fit of giggles.
“I’m serious, though. You have no idea what it’s like being stuck in a castle with an 
asura and an overbearing grandfather that can make taking a breath of air seem like a 
dangerous activity.”
“Ew, sounds suffocating.” Emily’s face cringed.
“Tell me about it,” I sighed.
“But don’t be so rough with your grandfath—I mean, Commander Virion,” she 
amended, casting a quick glance back at Varay. “After how you were kidnapped and 
almost killed, I can only imagine how he and your parents must’ve felt…”
“I know. I try not to be, but when he has me caged up like a bird, I can’t help it. Training 
has been the only way for me to let out my stress, but with more and more sightings 
and attacks from the Alacryan forces coming out of the Beast Glades, no one has the 
time to train with me.”
Emily puffed out her cheeks, trying to think of a response. We eventually took a turn 
into a less crowded street, Varay sticking close behind us like a shadow in case 
anything were to happen.
“Oh yeah, any news about Arthur?” Emily asked.
“You mean besides the same old news that Master Aldir repeats like a neurotic mimic 
bird?” I shook my head.
“He is training. That is all you need to know,” Emily recited in a deep voice exactly the 
same way she had when I told her the last time.
“Yup!” I giggled.
There was another gap of silence in our conversation when Emily asked in a hushed 
whisper. “What about Elijah?”
A sharp pang ran through my chest at the mention of that name, not because I was 
sad, but because I could imagine how guilty Arthur must be feeling.
“No news. Honestly, I have no idea why Elijah was taken to Alacrya alive,” I confessed, 
clutching tightly onto the books.
It was my fault in a way that this happened to Elijah. I barely knew the guy aside from 
the fact that he was Arthur’s closest friend. From what others that witnessed the scene 
had described, it seemed like he’d tried to save me before he was taken.
It was obvious that Elijah had tried to save me for his best friend; for all we knew, he 
could’ve been tortured for information or taken hostage to lure Arthur or maybe just 
even killed. I knew some of these possibilities were a bit of a stretch, but it scared me 
to think that this happened to him because of me.
What’s worse was that, more than feeling sorry for Elijah, I felt like I was more scared 
that Arthur would hate me because of this—because of what happened to his best 
friend. I thought I was strong; ever since I had received the elderwood guardian will 
from Arthur, I felt invincible—even when I couldn’t fully control it. How foolishly naive 
I was. I should’ve listened to Arthur when he told me he’d come with me to school. I 
should’ve been more ready.
These were the thoughts that made my nights often sleepless, but they were also the 
thoughts that drove me to train harder. Train so I would be strong… train so that I 
wouldn’t be a liability to anyone.
“—ssia? Tessia?” Varay’s voice jolted me out of my thoughts.
“Yeah?” I looked up to be suddenly face-to-face with the lance.
“You okay?” Emily asked from my side, her voice laced with concern.
“Huh? Oh, yeah, of course I am. Why do you ask?” I muttered as Varay wordlessly 
placed a hand on my forehead.
“Not sick,” she said simply before giving me some space.
“You kind of seemed dazed,” she said as we approached a large, square building. 
“Anyways, we’re here.”
As we approached Professor Gideon’s and Emily’s workplace, I couldn’t help but 
marvel at the structure. It wasn’t impressive in the traditional sort of way but it really 
was a sight to see. The square structure was only one story high, but in order to go 
through the front entrance, you needed to go down a flight of stairs, indicating that 
there was at least one level underground.
With thick and imposing walls, it seemed more like a shelter civilians would go to in 
case of a disaster than a research facility.
“Come on. These books are getting heavier by the minute,” Emily called out from 
ahead.
The three of us went down the stairs and through a metal door similar to the one that 
guarded the teleportation gate inside the flying castle.
Emily set her things on the ground and placed both palms at different locations on the 
door. I couldn’t hear what she was mumbling, but soon, streams of light glowed 
brightly from where her hands had been placed and the single door unhinged with a 
loud click.
Going inside, my senses were overwhelmed. There was a frenzy of movement from 
workers and artificers as sounds of metals clanging against one another echoed along 
the building. The large building was one gigantic space, separated only by moveable 
partitions dividing different projects that were simultaneously going on. Throughout 
all of this, I couldn’t help but keep my nose pinched at the indescribably pungent smell.
“What is this stench?” I asked, my voice coming out nasally.
“What isn’t this stench!” Emily shook her head. “So many different minerals and 
materials are being either melted or refined that it’s hard to discern the smells apart.”
Even Varay cringed as we went further down the stairs.
“Damn it, Amil! How many times do I have to drill into that thick skull of yours that 
you can’t keep those two minerals in the same container! They’ll draw each other's 
properties out, and I’ll be left with two useless hunks of rock!” a voice exploded all the 
way from the back corner of the building.
“Ah, there’s my lovely master’s voice,” Emily sighed as she motioned for us to follow.
As we made our way to the source of the harsh voice, we bumped into the man who I 
could only assume was Amil by his shaken expression and the fact that he was holding 
a box full of rocks.
“E-Excuse me,” he croaked, his voice cracking. “Oh, h-hello Emily. Tread carefully 
around Master Gideon; he’s a bit on edge today.”
The poor man gave us all a quick bow, barely even looking at us as he hurriedly ran off 
to fix his mistake.
Continuing our little tour of Emily’s workplace, an elderly gentleman that had been 
talking with a group of several men in the traditional brown robes that most artificers 
wore turned around as he heard us approaching. His eyes lit up as he made his way 
toward us after dismissing the group of men.
Judging by his wardrobe, I would’ve normally assumed he was just a butler, but 
something about the way he carried himself and the respect the men back there 
showed him told me it wasn’t that simple.
“Good afternoon, Princess, General, and Miss Emily. I’m glad you came back so quickly, 
Master Gideon is waiting for you.” The gentleman dipped his head in a little bow and 
led the way after taking the items that Emily and I had been carrying.
“Thanks, Himes. Is Master in one of his moods again?” Emily asked, following closely 
behind the butler.
“I’m afraid so, Miss Emily. I’m sure he’s only agitated waiting for these,” he answered, 
holding up the pile of leather-bound notebooks.
We made our way through the maze of partitions until we arrived at a particularly 
closed off space enclosed in the corner by rather high partitions. As soon as we 
entered through the tiny opening between the dividers, we were met by Professor 
Gideon, who practically pounced at the notebooks Himes was carrying. The genius 
artificer and inventor looked the same as he always had, with the same, lightningstruck hair, beady eyes, and brows that seemed permanently furrowed together. The 
wrinkles on his forehead did seem to be even deeper than before, just like how his 
dark circles somehow continued to grow darker.
“It’s nice to see you too, Master,” Emily mumbled. She turned to me and Varay, giving 
us a shrug.
At first, I wanted to explore the facility, but as Professor Gideon progressed through 
the stack of notebooks with breakneck speed—practically tearing apart the pages as 
he flipped through them—my curiosity drove me to stay and wait. It seemed like Emily 
and Varay both had the same thoughts I did, because they were both staring intently 
at Professor Gideon as well.
Suddenly, after going through about six notebooks, he stopped on a particular page.
“Shit!” Professor Gideon slammed his hands on his desk before scratching furiously at 
his unruly hair.
We stayed silent, not knowing how to respond. Even Emily stared wordlessly, waiting 
for her master to say something.
“General, can you make a trip with me?” Professor Gideon’s eyes stayed glued to the 
notebook as he asked this.
“I’m currently with the Princess,” she answered simply.
“Bring her along too. Emily, you come as well,” Gideon responded as he gathered the 
pile of notebooks and scattered pieces of paper on his desk.
“Wait, Master. Where are we going?”
“The eastern coast, on the northern border of the Beast Glades,” the inventor 
answered curtly.
“Commander Virion has prohibited Princess Tessia from venturing out. Having her 
come—”
“Then leave her here. I just need you or another general to come with me in case 
anything happens, which will be unlikely,” he cut her off as he continued gathering his 
things. “We just need to leave as soon as possible. Emily, bring me my usual inspection 
kit.”
Emily scurried out of her master’s makeshift office. Varay took out a communication 
artifact from her dimension ring when I quickly grasped her hand.
“Varay, I want to go,” I said, squeezing the lance’s hand.
Varay shook her head. “No, your grandfather would never allow it. It’s too dangerous.”
“But Aya is out on a mission, and Bairon is still busy training Curtis. Please—you heard 
Professor Gideon, he said nothing’s going to happen,” I insisted. “Besides, Professor 
Gideon seems to be in a hurry!”
“Damn right I am, now let’s go. There’s just something I need to confirm with my own 
eyes. We’ll be back before the day is over,” Professor Gideon reassured as he put on a 
coat.
I could see the lance hesitating so I drove in one last nail. “Varay, you’ve seen me train 
for the last two years. You know how strong I’ve become,” I said, my gaze relentless.
After a moment of deliberation, Varay let out a sigh. “Then you must obey my every 
command while we are on this trip. You fail to do that and this will be the last time I 
help you get out of the castle.”
I nodded furiously, eager to explore a part of the continent I had never gone to before, 
regardless of how short the trip would be. As soon as Emily arrived with a large black 
bag in tow, we set out.
The only stop we made was at the stable to pick out a few horses for our trip after 
going through the teleportation gate. We needed to go a bit out of the way to find 
horses accustomed to going through teleportation gates, which caused Professor 
Gideon to fidget with impatience.
The man was a nervous wreck throughout the trip. He said very little after going 
through the teleportation gate, only snapping at the reigns of his black steed to go 
faster. Soon, we arrived at a rather thin trail with the Forest of Elshire to our left. I 
could see the thin fog spilling over onto our trail, making the road look kind of creepy. 
To our right, there was a thin stream that acted as a fence, marking the border of the 
Elshire Forest and the edge of the Beast Glades.
Emily sat behind Himes on a white stallion as I rode with Varay on a particularly gentle 
brown horse, leaving us with little else to do but talk. However, we rode in silence most 
of the trip; it was hard to talk over the sound of our horses’ hoofbeats clicking on the 
ground.
Eventually, the familiar, briny smell of the ocean filled the air. I could almost taste the 
salt on my tongue from the growing breezes that whipped against my face. While the 
weather was cool, it was obvious that it was growing much more humid, fast. My shirt 
began sticking to my skin, leaving me uncomfortable and grimy.
“We’re almost here!” Professor Gideon yelled over the howl of the wind. Soon, the trees 
that made up the dense, magical forest began spreading apart, and eventually clearing 
up to a wide plain of wild grass and shrubs.
The ocean came into view, quickly widening from the horizon as we drew closer to the 
edge of the shore. The strength and speed of the winds grew stronger the closer we 
got to our destination, soon drowning out the sound of our horses’ gallop. Large rocks 
began popping up more and more on the field of grass that sandwiched us on both 
sides until we had stopped our horses on the edge of a rocky ledge that overlooked 
the shore.
I had to shield my face with the hood of my cloak against the sharp, sand-filled winds 
that cut against my body. I was about to ask if we had arrived when I spotted 
something unnatural on the coast.
It was a humongous boat, or rather, what was left of it. As the waves lapped against its 
metal exterior, I couldn’t help but feel like I had seen it before, when it suddenly 
popped into my mind.
“Wait, isn’t that the Dicatheous?” I gasped, peeking out from underneath my cloak as 
I turned to Professor Gideon.
“No,” he said, his voice barely audible against the wind. “It’s worse.”
“Wait, it’s not the Dicatheous?” I asked, taking another glance at the familiar ship to 
make sure.
While I wasn’t able to see the departure of the monumental ship because it overlapped 
with the start of my second year at Xyrus Academy, I had seen it when it was still being 
constructed. I could still remember quite clearly the first time I had laid eyes on the 
mysterious craft that spewed black smoke like some sort of metallic dragon. To be able 
to carry hundreds of people and still traverse the unknown dangers of the ocean, it 
was hard to believe it at that time.
“What do you mean worse?” Varay cut in as she surveyed our surroundings, her hand 
resting firmly on the pommel of the thin sword strapped to her waist.
“Leave the horses here. We’ll need to go on foot if we want to get to that wreckage site.” 
Ignoring us both, Professor Gideon swung his leg over his horse, dismounting rather 
clumsily. “Emily, Himes! Grab the bag!”
I opened my mouth to ask again, exasperated by how constantly the professor kept 
doing things at his own pace, disregarding everyone else. However, with a consoling 
squeeze on the shoulder from Emily, I just let out a sigh and we followed Professor 
Gideon. The old inventor was already making his way down the rocky slope to the 
shore rather nimbly despite how wet the rocks were. Varay and Himes trailed closely 
behind, both of them with their necks stretched, looking for any signs of danger as 
they easily hopped from one stone to another.
“I’m going to need the ship completely out of the water. Can either one of you ladies 
do the honors?” Professor Gideon turned his head, switching glances between Varay 
and me.
My hand shot up in the air.
“Let me tr—” I volunteered excitedly before remembering what Master Aldir had 
constantly warned me about. “I mean, Varay should do it.”
The lance gave me a sympathetic look before getting to work. The task wasn’t hard for 
her; with a simple wave of her hand, she swept the tides back enough to reveal the 
whole ship, then she took a moment to conjure a wall of ice around the remains of the 
wreckage to keep the water from spilling back in.
Varay made an opening in the ice fortress for us to enter through and almost 
immediately after crossing, I stopped to gaze in awe.
Perhaps it was because I had only seen the Dicatheous during its construction, but 
many of the features I remembered about the ship, from its large metal frame and 
multiple cylindrical pipes, undoubtedly resembled this large contraption. Regardless, 
neither of these two metallic monstrosities looked nothing like the wooden sailboats
that I was accustomed to.
Further inspection of the large craft led me to notice the reason why it had been 
stranded here, partly sunken, in the first place. Apart from the more obvious dents 
that had deformed the base of the ship, there were rows of puncture marks as well.
“Don’t those kind of look like… bite marks?” I marveled, walking toward the side of the 
ship.
“Dang, imagine how big the monster was to have a mouth that could take a chomp at 
this,” Emily sighed.
I couldn’t help but grow more and more curious the longer I studied the giant boat. If 
it truly was not Dicatheous, then what was it? Who had built it? For what purpose did 
it come to this continent?
Another observation I drew was that, while the thick metal frame had incurred fairly 
substantial damages, it didn’t seem… old. There weren’t any signs of rust that I knew 
happened to most metals left in places like this for too long.
“Well then, on we go,” Professor Gideon grunted, stepping into one of the larger holes 
that had punctured through the bottom of the ship.
“Wait.” Varay held up her arm to halt the professor. Before he could respond, the lance 
sent a large pulse of mana through the abandoned ship.
“No signs of life,” she confirmed.
“An unnecessary precaution, but thanks,” Professor Gideon grumbled, climbing into 
the hole at the base of the ship.
“Don’t go too far ahead, Master!” Emily ran in after him, her eyes practically twinkling 
in excitement.
Looking at Varay, I couldn’t help but notice the faint traces of concern on her normally 
expressionless face. Even after checking for any potential dangers, there was still 
something worrying the lance.
Upon stepping inside the ship after Himes, my nose caught on to the acrid smell of 
wood rotting. The air was heavy and warm, and bitter to the tongue, forcing me to 
breathe through my nose despite the less-than-pleasant aroma of molding lumber.
The lower levels were spacious, with not much inside except for the columns of iron—
some broken, others bent—that had once supported the ceiling. Shattered remains of 
wooden crates littered the floor but whatever was inside most likely had either 
perished or been washed away by the ocean water.
I could see the old inventor studying the remains of whatever he could find before he 
and Himes climbed up the metal stairs leading to the next floor up. This left me, Emily, 
and Varay to explore the abandoned vessel on our own accord; only, we had no idea 
what it was we were searching for, and why we were here in the first place.
After finding little else of interest, we weaved through the mounds of seaweed and 
sand that had infiltrated the ship and followed after Professor Gideon and his butler 
to the floor above.
It was easy to figure out that the bottommost levels of this abandoned ship had been 
used as mostly storage, but the strange thing was that everything was destroyed. Varay 
had been the one to point it out, but even if she hadn’t revealed that fact, I would’ve 
still put together the traces. On the metal floors—where shattered remnants of items 
lay scattered—were blackened marks of what looked like soot; someone or some 
people had deliberately wiped all traces of what could’ve been used as valuable pieces 
of information.
“Looks like whoever was on this ship didn’t want anyone knowing who they were,” I 
said, kicking some debris in hopes of finding anything of value.
Varay looked around, but stayed close to Emily and I, in case something were to pop 
up.
“What’s weird is that even the upper floors here are damp for some reason. How did 
the water come all the way up here when the ship was only half-sunken?” Emily 
pointed out, running her hand along the wooden floor, only to come up wet.
“That’s because, until a few weeks ago, this ship was fully submerged in the ocean.” 
We all looked over our shoulders to see Professor Gideon and Himes walking down 
the stairs from the floor above us.
“Which is why no one had seen this ship, despite its size, until recently,” Varay 
concluded.
The inventor simply nodded as he and Himes made their way to us. “The journal I was 
reading earlier was written by a group of adventurers who were coming back from a 
scouting mission. They had taken the same route to reach their destination, but it was 
only on the way back that the tides had receded enough to reveal this.
“I see. Master, then what do you think happened to all the crewmembers that were on 
this ship?” Emily asked. “Do you think they all drowned?”
“No.” Professor Gideon shook his head. “There would be at least some remains of 
human bodies left on this ship.”
Emily and I exchanged glances, not quite catching on to what the old inventor was 
getting at.
Letting out a sigh, Professor Gideon squatted in front of the blackened mark on the 
floor and scratched at it with his finger. “It means you’re right, Princess. The people 
on here definitely did not want them seeing this ship, let alone whatever and whoever 
they had inside.”
“That means that—”
“Yes. Either they all escaped and are out there somewhere… or perhaps, their captain 
oh-so-kindly nudged them off the ship.”
“I had a hunch when I first saw the ship but does that mean…” Varay’s voice trailed off 
as she stared intently at Professor Gideon.
“After reading the report, I wished dearly to whatever divine being was watching over 
us that my guess would be wrong, but I don’t think it is,” he sighed.
“What—what is it? What is going on?” I butted in, their solemn tones filling me with 
unease.
“I had assumed that the crew of the Dicatheous went through some troubles when we 
lost contact with them a few years back, so when I read the the report, I thought 
maybe—just maybe, the crew had somehow repaired the ship and almost made it 
back. But the materials used to build this, down to the very frame of this ship, differ 
ever-so-slightly in design.
“After coming here, I’m positive that this ship isn’t, and never was, the Dicatheous. It’s 
still a little rough around the edges, but the technology put into this ship was top 
secret, known only to me and few of the key designers,” Professor Gideon explained.
Emily drew in a sharp breath, her eyes wide with fear as the horrifying reality began 
to dawn on everyone here. “Master, you can’t mean to say—”
“It’s exactly what I mean to say,” Professor Gideon interrupted. “Think about it— the 
fact that there are no corpses, no personal belongings left behind. There are almost no 
discernable traces that anyone has ever been here. Why? Because the leader of this 
ship didn’t want their enemy to know that they are capable of making this. And with 
good reason; the very fact that this exists changes the very dynamics of this war.”
“And by war, you mean…” my voice trailed off into silence. I locked eyes with Varay and 
she nodded, her eyes stern and grave. My hands trembled as I brought them up to my 
mouth.
Professor Gideon sprung up from the ground, handing his bag to Himes. “Yes, Princess. 
It means that Alacrya has, in their arsenal, the ability to build ships capable of carrying 
whole battalions across the ocean to Dicathen.”
VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
“Damn it!” Glayder cursed, slamming his fists down on the long rectangular table we 
were currently gathered around. “And you’re absolutely sure about this, Gideon?”
“Like I said, Your Majesty, the part about the ship belonging to the Alacryan Army is 
merely a speculation on my part. However, I am absolutely sure that the ship we have 
just come from is not the Dicatheous,” the old inventor answered.
It hadn’t even been an hour since Gideon, Varay and my granddaughter had arrived to 
the castle. After Varay told us about the information they had found, everyone, 
including King and Queen Glayder, were summoned. With the arrival of the asura, Lord 
Aldir, and my son and his wife, who had been in negotiations with the dwarves, the 
meeting was hastily put into motion…
“What makes you so certain?” Glayder pestered on.
Gideon let out a harsh sigh before continuing. “Because, during the construction of the 
Dicatheous, I had placed markers throughout the base of the ship—kind of like a 
signature, if you will.”
“A signature?” my son, Alduin, echoed.
“Well, the Dicatheous was an invention that I took most pride in. I wanted future 
generations to know of my work,” he confessed, scratching his nose in embarrassment. 
“At any rate, out of all the exposed frames that I scoured in this ship, none of them had 
the marking. In fact, entirely different substances were used to construct the frame.”
“Damn it all!” Blaine Glayder swore once more, getting up from his seat.
“Calm yourself, Blaine,” I quipped.
“Calm myself? Did you not just hear Gideon’s words? I’m sorry but I can’t just keep 
calm after finding out that our enemy is capable of sending tens—no, hundreds of 
thousands of soldiers and mages across the ocean. It’s bad enough that we’ve been 
having trouble sniffing out those bastards from inside the dungeons of the Beast 
Glades, but—”
“Enough,” Lord Aldir asserted, silencing the human king at once. “Varay, what are your 
thoughts on the matter?”
“While I have no extensive knowledge on the construction of the Dicatheous, I agree 
with what the artificer thinks. The lack of evidence on the ship alone tells us that 
whoever was on the ship didn’t want anyone finding out who they were,” the lance 
affirmed, standing against the wall behind Priscilla Glayder.
“What do you suppose the probability is that this was a trap, or rather, a strategy on 
their part to get us to think that they have the technology to send ships filled with 
soldiers to Dicathen?” I voiced aloud to no one in particular.
“Hmm, it’s possible that might be the case.” Gideon was the one to answer as he mulled 
over the hypothetical scenario.
“That’s right!” Blaine came back to the table, delighted at the fact that the worst-casescenario might not be the only future of this war. “It makes sense! If the Alacryans 
made us think that they had the ability to make these ships, then it would force us to 
split our troops!”
“That might be so, but the location where the ship had washed up makes me uncertain. 
If the Alacryan's goal was really to divide our forces, it would make more sense for 
them to leave it somewhere along the western coast—where they would want us to 
think they will attack. Also, that cove, where the ship was found, is much too 
inconspicuous of a place to have them hope that we’ll somehow come across it. With 
the tide levels changing so frequently and the bedrocks constantly corroding, it’s a 
miracle that we were able to find the ship in the first place,” my son rebutted.
The meeting hall was quiet for a moment until Lord Aldir spoke up. “Whatever the 
probability might be, the question is, is it worth the risk? The Alacryan, Cynthia, was 
under the impression that her people were trying to amass an army over time within 
the depths of the Beast Glades, but it would be foolish to blindly believe that that was 
the only move the Vritras had planned. I have known a few from the Vritra Clan; they 
are intelligent and cunning adversaries. It’s unlike them to act so linear in their 
strategy.”
“Whatever the case, we have no choice but to prepare ourselves for a two-pronged 
attack,” I concluded, rubbing my temples. “Alduin, Merial, how are the discussions with 
the dwarves faring?”
“They’re still skeptical toward the notion of fully cooperating, but they’ve agreed to 
send some of their shapers to help in the fortification of the walls along the Grand 
Mountains,” Merial answered as she handed over a pile of papers to me.
“Good,” I nodded. “It’s a start. We’ll need as much help from their mages to reinforce 
the gaps that the Grand Mountains don’t cover between Sapin and the Beast Glades.
“Merial, allow me and my wife to join you in your next visit to the Kingdom of Darv. 
With this news, we’ll need help from the dwarves if we’re going to fortify the cities 
along the western coast in time. Besides, we were closer to the Greysunders than you 
two. Perhaps the dwarves will be more inclined to cooperate with us there.” Both 
Blaine and Priscilla looked uneasy as their glances flickered between my son and his 
wife, and at Lord Aldir, the one who had actually killed the traitorous Dwarven King 
and Queen.
“That sounds like a good idea. We’ll need the dwarves’ help if we’re going to win this 
war. I think they’ll be more apt to help us after they find out our enemies have the 
capability of sending thousands of soldiers across the ocean,” I voiced. “Now, if 
everyone will excuse me, I’m going to get some rest for the first time in a few days.”
I dipped my head at Lord Aldir and dismissed everyone else with a wave. Walking out 
of the meeting hall, I let out a deep breath. Despite the two years that Lord Aldir had 
been here, it was still stifling being near the asura.
He had done much to prepare us for the war, and had been tactical in his approach. He 
barely showed himself at meetings, often teaching me one-on-one so that I could be 
the one to head the war. With his insight on both large-scale and small-scale battle 
tactics, we’ve been doing a good job keeping the fights away from the general public. 
However, if Gideon’s speculations are true, then it won’t be long until everyone, soldier 
or not, would be involved one way or another.
“Commander Virion,” a soft voice came from behind.
I turned around to see Varay walking toward me, her expression full of concern.
“Commander, allow me to apologize for allowing Princess Tessia to come along. I know 
that your exact orders were for me to keep her away from danger but—”
“Varay, it’s fine.” I held up my hand to stop her. “I know how she can be, and to tell you 
the truth, I’ve been expecting something like this to happen from her. Now, off you go; 
Little Princess Glayder must be waiting for you.”
The lance’s face still showed traces of concern and guilt, but with another wave, she 
lowered her head in a bow and went off in the direction of the training grounds.
Taking a left down the long corridor, I stopped in front of a particular oakwood door. 
Taking another breath, I held my hand up in a fist and knocked thrice.
“Who is it?” the muffled voice of my granddaughter called out from inside.
I cleared my throat. “It’s your grandfather.”
“I want to be alone,” she replied instantly.
“Come now,” I sighed. “Don’t say that.”
There was only silence at first, but after a few seconds, I heard the faint sounds of 
approaching footsteps. The reinforced wooden door opened just a crack as my 
granddaughter’s eyes peeked through from the other side.
“Are you going to scold me for going to the ship with Varay?” she asked, her mouth 
hidden behind the door.
“No, I’m not.”
The child regarded me silently, her brow raised in suspicion. “Because I was the one 
that forced her to take me.”
I nodded. “Yes, I figured as much.”
“And I’m not going to apologize for that,” my granddaughter pressed on as she tried to 
hold her stern gaze.
“I’m sure you won’t.”
“W-Well good.” Her expression faltered as she looked confused.
I took a step back from the door. “Now, will you take a walk with your grandfather?”
I waited for my granddaughter as she closed the door and timidly trailed behind me 
like a shadow.
“This way.” I gestured with my head. “There’s something I want to show you.”
We walked down the corridor in silence as I hummed a small tune.
“Hey, that’s the lullaby that Father used to sing to me,” my granddaughter exclaimed.
“Well who do you think taught it to him?” I chuckled. “My mother, your great 
grandmother, used to sing it to me when I couldn’t sleep at night. I sang it to your 
father whenever he was too scared to go to sleep. But don’t tell him I told you this.”
The child giggled as she nodded. “Where are we going anyways, Grandpa?”
“You’ll see soon enough, Child.” We took another turn and descended a flight of spiral 
stairs, stopping in front of a set of doors large enough to easily admit giants.
Placing a palm in the center of the door, I released a wave of mana. The locks and 
mechanisms that kept the room secure clicked in rapid succession as scores of 
intricate patterns unravelled themselves into place. As the sounds receded, the door 
slid open to reveal a large earthen field surrounded by mana-enhanced metal. Off to 
the side was another door that was the same material as the wall around it.
“We’re almost here,” I said, pointing to the door.
“I’ve never been inside here before. What’s this room for?” my granddaughter asked 
as she looked around.
“This is the place where the lances, guild leaders, and I get trained by Lord Aldir. The 
asura set it up himself so that it could withstand even the attacks of white-core mages; 
of course, that is only Lord Aldir is here with us to activate it. But before you go on 
exploring, there is something you need to see.” I pushed open the door to the room 
inside the isolated training arena.
The inside of the room had nothing but a few chairs, a drawing board, and an empty 
screen with a visual recording artifact in front of it.
“Take a seat, Ch—” I stopped myself as I stood next to the artifact. “Take a seat, Tessia.”
My granddaughter planted herself in the chair in front of me, facing the white screen. 
She looked at me with uncertain eyes and for a second, I just wanted take her back to 
her room where she’d be safe.
Letting out a deep breath, I turned on the visual recording artifact. A bright light shot 
out from the front and onto the screen, projecting a moving picture recorded from the 
battlefield.
“This, Tessia, is what the war is like.” I moved out of the way and let her watch.
It was a particularly brutal battle in the depths of a dungeon where the Alacryan 
soldiers had been setting camp. There had been hundreds of mages and warriors that 
had been waiting for further orders. Our men had little idea of what they would be 
walking into while the Alacryan side had already received warning from their scouts 
that enemies would soon arrive.
I could see the horror in my granddaughter’s eyes, watching with jaw slack as the 
massacre went on. Our side had lost over fifty in the first few seconds but even after 
we had recuperated, the battle was bloody and intense. Fresh corpses lay sprawled all 
over the ground as mages and warriors alike continued to shoot and at each other. 
Even without the sound, I could clearly imagine the screams from the injured and 
dying.
The video ended abruptly as the mage holding the artifact had been killed in that 
moment. There was a moment of silence as both my granddaughter and I mulled over 
the images on the screen.
“This was a real life recording from a battle just five days ago. We lost two hundred 
men and twenty mages in that battle alone out of the four hundred we sent down into 
that dungeon. I was the one who had given them the order to go down, and it’s on my 
shoulders that they’re all dead.” I locked eyes with my granddaughter, my gaze cold 
and unyielding.
“The war has only just begun, but I have already done things—made choices—that I 
will never forgive myself for. As your grandfather, this is what I want to keep you away 
from,” I said, pointing to the screen. “It is my selfishness as your grandfather that I 
want to keep you safe and away from harm, regardless of how much of an asset you 
may be in battle.”
Tess lowered her gaze. “Grandpa…”
“Tessia. You are, no doubt, a tremendously talented mage and, with the training that 
you’ve undergone these past two years, would be a force to be reckoned with in the 
war. But no matter how powerful you are in a war, you are only one person. All it takes 
is one mistake, one small blunder. That is why I’ve forbidden you to take part in any of 
the battles… until now.”
“Until now?” My granddaughter looked up. I couldn’t help but just stare at her tiny 
face. It felt like just a week ago that she was still sitting on my lap, chirping “grandpa” 
with her hands held high.
“Tessia. Even after seeing just a glimpse of what you will have to endure, do you still 
want to be a part of the battle?” I asked, walking over to the back of the room.
My granddaughter’s expression hardened as she stood up. “Yes.”
Picking up two dulled training swords from the rack, I tossed one to her. “Then prove 
your resolve.”
“So you understand the rules of this battle?” I confirmed, gripping the edgeless sword 
in my right hand.
“Grandpa…” My granddaughter’s eyes softened as she hesitated. However, from my 
unrelenting expression, she hardened herself, raising her sword. “I understand.”
I nodded approvingly. “Integrate.”
My body burned with untamed excitement as I released the second form of my beast’s 
will. As my skin and even my clothes darkened, wrapped in a veil of shadow, I took a 
step toward Tessia.
With my heightened senses, I could hear the quickening pace of my granddaughter’s 
heartbeat as she waited for me to make a move.
As far as I was concerned, the battle had already begun.
Closing the gap between us, I thrust the pommel of my sword into Tessia’s stomach. 
Lurching forward in response, I could tell from the force of impact that she had taken 
a step back in time to decrease the strength of the blow.
Putting distance between us, any trace of uncertainty had been wiped clean off the 
child’s face as her eyes now regarded me as an opponent.
“Good,” I let out a growl as I slowly circled around her. Tessia’s heartbeat steadied as 
she prepared herself.
“Acquire,” she muttered as a thin layer of emerald green enveloped her like a second 
skin. The aura around her then exploded out from under her feet, spreading through 
the grass.
I jumped back in time to avoid a root as thick a tree that erupted from the ground 
beneath me. The entire ground affected by the aura soon became a web of dense vines 
that spread around the child like snakes protecting their master.
Tessia was already advancing towards me, dashing atop a trail of vines that led toward 
me, her sword shining a brilliant green.
I couldn’t help but reveal a smile at the outright pressure her domain contained from 
the perspective of an opponent.
I held my sword up as I easily sidestepped another thick tendril. Using the thick roots 
as stepping stones, I augmented my sword in time to meet Tessia’s blade.
Our weapons clashed, producing a shriek as sparks were sent scattering into the air. 
Using her forward momentum, I fell back, grabbing onto her sword hand as I stamped 
her leading foot to stop her from regaining balance.
As she fell forward, I prepared to twist her into a throw when a thin vine wrapped 
itself around the child’s waist, preventing her fall.
Using the vine to keep herself afloat, Tessia lashed out with both her feet to send me 
flying back.
Blocking her kick with the flat of my blade, I was unable to contain my excitement, 
exclaiming, “Haha! Your control over your beast will has gotten much better!” If it was 
anyone else, I’d be impressed if they had managed to defend against her unorthodox 
counter.
Releasing more mana out into my limbs, I flashed toward Tessia, avoiding the barrage 
of tendrils meant to protect their master.
We exchanged blows on top of the ever-changing terrain of roots that wriggled and 
convulsed at my granddaughter’s beckoning. Tessia moved gracefully atop the vines, 
easily using them as platforms to maneuver in all directions. Her movement and 
swordplay utilizing both her beast will and wind attribute spells resembled an elegant 
dance in the air, as if every step, swing, and lunge she executed had been 
choreographed. I couldn’t be more proud of my granddaughter, who had matured so 
much as a mage—she had come far, that much was certain However, letting her win 
too easily would only make her complacent.
Her domain transformed the surrounding area to her advantage. However, if her 
opponent was as quick and agile enough as I was, he’d be able to take advantage of the 
vines as well, and use them as a route to get to Tessia. My fighting style especially, 
which consisted of erratic movement to utilize the full potential of the shadow 
panther’s innate stealth, excelled in this environment.
Soon, both the tendrils and Tessia were having a hard time keeping up with my 
movements as I constantly flitted atop the wave of vines that my granddaughter had 
conjured.
The child was nearly in range of my sword and she had lost track of me, but just as I 
stretched my arm out to swing, she sunk into the depths of the vines below us. As 
Tessia disappeared inside, the countless tendrils beneath me began congregating to 
one spot.
I quickly hopped away as the green tendrils gathered to form a protective sphere 
around what I assumed was Tessia.
For a second, I was afraid that she had lost control again like last time. But as the shell 
of vines burst apart, I could whistle in admiration at the sight of my granddaughter.
“You did it!” I exclaimed, my voice coming out much huskier than normal because of 
the integration.
“Hehe!” My granddaughter pointed her sword at me with a wide grin on her face. “Be 
careful, Grandpa!”
Her body, now covered in a thick, emerald aura, coiled around her. Tessia’s fair skin 
had lightened to a pale, ivory tone while her hair and even eyebrows had changed to 
a forest green shade. The child’s turquoise eyes shined brighter, with intricate 
markings spreading around her eyes making her seem… otherworldly—celestial, 
almost.
As she launched herself toward me, the translucent aura surrounding her already 
began lashing out attacks. While Tessia’s pressure didn’t contain the same bloodlust 
Arthur or other experienced mages and warriors had, it was still a shocking 
improvement to her previous, lackluster aura.
I had already known that Tessia’s beast will was much more powerful than mine and 
that, in direct combat, my beast’s will had the disadvantage. However, I couldn’t resist 
the urge to go head to head with my granddaughter at her strongest—she, who had 
been training so relentlessly these past two years to not become a burden to anyone 
close to her.
Tessia had no use for the training sword as the translucent green aura surrounding 
her molded itself into two emerald blades in her hands. As she spun into a flurry of 
slashes with her dual mana swords, I couldn’t help but become overwhelmed by the 
never-ending whirlwind of attacks. She hacked and twirled relentlessly, sometimes 
looking for openings, other times making them. Tessia wasn’t a master in the art of 
dual-wielding, but the openings she had, her aura would defend. It wasn’t just the two 
blades in her hands that were her weapons—she was able to mold her aura into 
almost whatever shape she saw fit.
Just when I thought I had found an opening, the aura enveloping her would mold into 
another weapon to block my attack as Tessia continued her bombardment.
Fresh nicks and cuts emerged from my body, splashing drops of blood on the grass 
around me as I avoided with all my wit, wondering why I had been stupid enough to 
think that taking her head on would be a good idea. What put me at unease was that 
it seemed like the child was incurring damage as well; blotches of red had spread from 
underneath the tight-fitting blouse she wore for fighting.
However, I soon noticed that the emerald aura covering her had become thinner and 
more transparent. The glowing runes embellishing the child’s face receded as her face 
crumpled in a painful cringe.
As her movements dulled and her attacks slowed, I grabbed her by the arm and 
buckled her legs from behind her knee, gently bringing her to the ground as the rest 
of her beast will aura dissipated.
“I-I… lost. I couldn’t do it, Grandpa. I couldn’t even land a clean hit after all of that,” she 
panted, gasping for breath. As my granddaughter lay sprawled out on the field of grass 
covered in cuts and bruises acquired, not from me, but from the intensity of her beast’s 
will, I couldn’t help but imagine her out in the battlefield; the state she would be 
reduced to in battle where her opponent had no intention of looking out for her wellbeing.
Getting rid of such poisonous thoughts, I sat down beside her.
I studied the child’s face silently for a moment, but with a resignated sigh, I shook my 
head. “Out on the battlefield, you are to address me as Commander, not Grandpa.”
Tessia’s eyes lit up brighter than when she had released her integration phase. “Does 
that mean…? Th-Thank—”
“But!” I interrupted. “I have a few conditions.”
“Okay,” she replied, her gaze firm.
“You must still get both your mother and father’s consent. You must also keep in mind 
the gravity of who you are. Whoever is leading your team or battalion will definitely 
mention it, but it is up to you to not become a liability. If your teammates are under 
the impression that you cannot take care of yourself, I will have you rescinded from 
the fight immediately because the ones around you will be too concerned for your 
safety to act effectively in battle. Is that clear?”
“Yes!” Tessia nodded feverishly.
“Oh, and also. Try not to be caught in a situation where you need to use your second 
phase. I’m not sure if it’s because you haven’t fully learned to control it, but that form 
makes you too reckless,” I added, thinking to when she had attacked me madly, relying 
solely on her beast will to defend her.
“Master Aldir told me that too. He said that the beast will that I had assimilated with 
is different, although he couldn’t really put a finger on why,” the child admitted.
As we both got up and headed back out of the training room, I stopped her to say one 
last thing. “Child. From here on out, I can no longer be your grandfather. The actions I 
had taken and the decisions I had made concerning you have always been for your 
safety and happiness. However, now that you are a soldier, I must treat you like one. 
Whether it is me directly giving you an order, or another person in charge of the team 
you are in, you must keep in mind that the orders given will not place your safety 
above all of Dicathen. This is my final warning to you.”
My granddaughter looked at me, studying the pained expression I had on my face, then 
buried her face into my chest into an embrace. “It’s okay Grand—I mean, Commander. 
Dicathen is my home and I will do whatever it takes to protect it and the people I love.”
“Yes, I know,” I mumbled. “That is what I am afraid of.”
After shooing her away, I remained in the training grounds for a bit longer before 
heading to a different room on a lower floor.
Approaching the isolated room down on the lower level beneath the basement of the 
castle, the sharp smell of various medicinal herbs filled my nose.
I opened the door at the very end of the narrow corridor.
“C-Commander Virion! My apologies, I was not expecting anyone to visit,” the middleaged nurse said as she frantically scrambled out of her chair.
“No need to apologize, Anna; I came here on a whim. How is she?” I asked, lowering 
my gaze to the woman lying unconscious in bed.
“I just finished administering the necessary supplements to keep her body healthy. 
Physically speaking, she is in great shape, but no matter what we try, we can’t get her 
to wake up,” Anna sighed, placing a hand gently on Cynthia’s arm.
“So same as always?” I let out a faint smile. “Anna, do you mind giving me some time 
alone with her?”
“Of course! I mean—not at all! I’ll get out of your hair. Take your time!” she answered, 
hurriedly heading towards the door as she picked up some trash on the way out.
Slumping down on the wooden chair beside the bed, I closed my eyes. This wasn’t the 
first or second time I had come here. It seemed like, these days, I came to this room 
whenever I wanted some time alone or wanted to get away from the suffocating 
pressure the war continued to afflict on me.
“My old friend. How goes your slumber? I’m not sure you knew this but I think the 
Alacryan Army is capable of building steamships and is most likely using them to 
transport tens of thousands of soldiers. I’m sure you didn’t know. After all, you were 
already here when the Dicatheous began construction,” I sighed, staring blankly at 
Cynthia’s peaceful face.
“You know, I just gave permission to Tessia to start fighting in real battles. Can you 
believe it?” I laughed aloud. “I’m sure you’d be pretty surprised by that choice if you 
were awake right now. But… I was afraid. I knew how much she wanted to make a 
difference and be a part of the fight, and I know how stubborn she is. I was afraid that 
she’d run away and go off to fight, even without my consent. I just thought that if she 
was going to actually take part in this war, it should at least be under supervision.”
I leaned forward, resting my elbows on my knees. “That’s probably a lie. I think, more 
than that, I just didn’t want her to keep hating me. Pft! And I just told her that I’m going 
to treat her as a soldier, not my granddaughter. What a load of bullcrap, right?” I 
scoffed, shaking my head.
“But still, It’s hard, Cynthia—doing all of this, I mean. I stepped down as king because 
I wanted to avoid doing what I’m doing right now. And what I’m doing right now is on 
a much bigger scale. I have an asura making sure I am fit emotionally, mentally, and 
physically to lead this war while all of the lances and guild leaders answer to my beck 
and call. Is it pathetic of me to want nothing more than to sit in my garden, watching 
my granddaughter grow up peacefully? What sort of cruel joke is it to send my own 
granddaughter to battle?
“Alduin and his wife, Blaine and Priscilla… they’re all doing what they can to help, but 
in the end, they turn to me for orders now that Lord Aldir has condemned me as the 
only fit leader.” I let out another deep, trembling breath as I ran my hands down the 
length of my face. “Cynthia, I’ve already lived a few dozen years longer than my wife. I 
don’t want to live longer than my child and grandchild. I don’t think I can take it.”
I reached my hand out toward Cynthia, afraid that she might crumble at my touch. 
Finally, I gathered the courage to finally place my hand on top of hers. “I never 
apologized to you. Even after Lord Aldir removed the curse on you, I had the feeling 
that something was wrong. You knew, didn’t you? You knew that it wasn’t fully 
removed and that you might die if you revealed information about Alacrya, about the 
Vritra, right? I think I sensed that fact as well, back then. But I didn’t stop you. For a 
chance to gain the higher ground in this war, I allowed you to succumb to this state…”
I stopped talking, trying to keep my voice steady. “And I’m sorry for that. I shouldn’t 
have let you do that to yourself. There might be people that shun you for being a spy, 
but I would never. You chose to go stand up to your own people to help ours. Making 
that choice makes you stronger than anyone else here.”
I rose from the chair, quickly rubbing my eyes with the ends of my sleeves before 
heading out. Turning back, I took one last glance at my old friend. “The true war is 
going to start soon. I won’t be able to come back down here for a while, my friend, but 
I promise you that after this war is over, I will do whatever it takes to wake you back 
up.”
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
“Darvus, switch positions with Stannard!” I swung my blade, creating an arc of wind 
that knocked away the armored gnoll—a nasty mana beast that was more like a 
bipedal, rabid dog—that had tried to catch me off guard.
“Careful, Leader! If you die on us, your grandfather will murder us all!” Darvus warned, 
a wide grin visible underneath his dented helmet.
“Bite me!” I snorted, parrying the downswing of another assault mage’s axe with my 
sword. “Do you want me to count all of the times I saved your ass?”
“Don’t start a battle you can’t win, Darvus!” Caria mocked as she nimbly dodged a 
spiked club, following up with an uppercut at a fanged orc’s jaw.
“Stannard, have you found the pack leader yet? These gnolls just keep coming out of 
nowhere.” Darvus twirled two hatchets before launching them at a nearby gnoll.
“Not yet,” our blonde-haired mage called out from behind.
“Hey, Leader. I’m thinking we should fall back. The numbers are too much for just our 
team to handle without overexerting ourselves.” Darvus unclipped his two large battle 
axes from his back and decapitated a large orc.
“I think you’re right. We should at least fall back into the range of our conjurers.” I 
thrust my thin blade underneath the seam of the armored gnoll’s breastplate. Its rabid, 
dog-like face contorted in pain as it crumpled to the floor.
“Those lucky wand-wavers, sitting behind the lines and firing off spells while they 
gossip with each other,” Darvus grumbled as he caved a sword-wielding gnoll’s chest 
with the blunt end of his axe.
“Hey!” Stannard exclaimed. “That’s degrading!”
Ignoring my team members’ complaints, I hopped back next to Stannard. “Stannard, 
I’m going to hold them down. Go all out, okay?”
“Understood,” he acknowledged. “Darvus, Caria, better get out of the way!”
Sheathing my sword, I released the first phase of my beast will to strengthen my spell. 
Placing my palms on the ground, I concentrated.
[Ivy Prison]
A wave of vines shot up from the ground, entangling both the large orcs and the gnolls 
that were coming through an opening on the far side of the cavern.
Stannard, the frail-looking mage beside me, aimed a device that looked like a narrow 
crossbow at the horde of mana beasts now rooted to the ground. As he inserted a small 
orb into the tip of his arrow-less crossbow, his pale blue eyes narrowed in 
concentration.
The embedded gem glowed bright red as he waited for the right timing. As soon as 
both Darvus and Caria had cleared out of the way, Stannard unleashed his attack.
[Propulsion Blast]
Like a cannon gone mad, a fiery blast exploded from the tip of Stannard’s device, 
nearly blowing the small-framed mage off his feet.
We all stared blankly at the scene in front of us; orcs and gnolls burned as the wave 
behind them were trapped in the wall of fire ignited by their own comrades’ bodies.
“Another new spell you mixed up?” Darvus queried, his eyes still looking at the fiery 
blaze just a dozen meters away.
“Yup!” Stannard replied, strapping his device across his shoulder. “The rebound is a 
bit painful though.”
“That’s why I’m telling you that you should train your body more with me,” Caria 
wagged her gloved finger at him.
“And I’m telling you that there’s no way in hell that I’d train with you, you compact 
package of savagery!” Stannard retorted. “I still have nightmares about that day!”
“Guys, let’s save the banter for when we’re back with the rest of the other teams. That 
fire won’t hold them back for long,” I cut in. With that, we headed back through the 
narrow corridor we had come from, making sure there weren’t any mana beasts 
following us.
After making our way back through the long cavern, I saw the flickering purple light 
that indicated the main base—the place that I’d called home for the past few months.
“I wonder what food they’ll have ready?” Darvus mused, licking his lips.
“Probably the same old mush they call ‘food.’ I swear, the cooks purposely make it as 
unappetizing as possible so no one will want seconds,” Stannard sighed as we drew 
closer to the purple light.
“Any chance that our leader, that we love and appreciate so much and also happens to 
be a princess, can hook her precious teammates with some real food?” Darvus asked 
with a twinkling look in his eyes.
“Gross!” Caria cringed beside me. “If you want to beg for favors, you’re better off 
covering your face while you do so.”
“Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful, shorty!” Darvus stuck his chin out so we could 
truly behold his rugged but sharp face. The human would be considered objectively 
handsome despite his unkempt appearance and self-inflating attitude.
“I’m petite! And I’m cute too! Right, Tessia?” she snapped back at him before turning 
to me and grabbing my arm.
“Oh please. Stannard here is what you call petite. He can pass off as a ten-year-old, 
after all. You, on the other hand, are just short and barbaric.” Darvus stuck out his 
tongue.
“Is there really a need for you to include me in your squabble!” Stannard exclaimed, 
offended. He was always sensitive whenever someone called him short or small.
“Guys! Who cares if we’re pretty, cute or handsome? We’re in a dungeon, covered in 
blood, sweat and grime. Is there really a need to look attractive down here?” I sighed 
as we reached the iron wall protecting the camp.
“Tch. As expected of someone who’s been blessed with true beauty. Our leader would 
never understand the hardships that normal girls have to go through to find a man,” 
Caria pouted.
“Stop it. What true beauty?” I scoffed, shaking my head.
“It’s true,” Darius agreed. “If it weren’t for the fact that you’re Commander Virion’s 
precious granddaughter, and the fact that you could easily beat me up, I’d have already 
made a move on you.”
“I can only beat you with my beast will activated,” I retorted.
“Alas, our love is still not meant to be. I prefer my women flaunty and easy,” Darvus 
sighed with longing.
“Gross,” Caria and I said in unison.
After knocking on the mana-enhanced iron wall, a slit opened in the middle and a pair 
of sharp eyes regarded us for a moment.
As the eyes landed on me, they widened. “Princess Tessia!”
“Yes, now please open the door,” I replied, looking up at the flickering purple light 
inside the lantern bolted to the ceiling.
The metal slit closed and the purple light changed to red, indicating to clear the way.
Just then, the dark wall split apart at the seam in the middle. The harsh grinding of 
metal on stone echoed off the walls of the narrow cavern until the doors opened 
enough to admit us one at a time.
As we stepped through the doorway, the warmth of several burning fires in earthen 
pits and the smell of indiscernible herbs and meat greeted us. The narrow hallway we 
had just come from opened up to a massive cavern with a naturally formed vaulted 
ceiling high above us. High up near the ceiling, large holes were dug into the walls 
where archers and conjurers lay inside, ready to fire at any intruders.
Artificial light from orbs lined the walls far below them to brighten the immense 
cavern that over a hundred soldiers and mages had set camp in. An underground 
stream gurgled near the side of the cavern, providing fresh water for all of the soldiers 
stationed here.
“Welcome back, Princess.” The sentry guarding the door bowed. I waved him off with 
a quick nod as my teammates followed close behind me.
After arriving at the small space where my team and I had set up camp, I went directly 
inside the tent Caria and I shared and gathered a new set of clothes and a towel.
Opening the flap of the tent, I could see Darvus trying to light a fire while Caria 
watched Stannard disassemble and clean his crossbow-like weapon. I couldn’t help 
but smile at how far the four of us had come in these past three months.
I still distinctly remembered when I had first been introduced to this group after 
gaining my grandfather’s approval to go out to battle. Darvus, fourth son of the Clarell 
House, was a lazy, spoiled, arrogant ass. But he was also an exceptionally talented 
prodigy in mana control and had the reflexes to match.
The Clarell Family had been a distinguished family for centuries, known for their 
unique and secretive style of augmented axemanship. Despite a history of fooling 
around and skipping out on training, from what Caria had told me, the wild-haired 
Darvus was still a far better axeman and fighter than any of his older brothers. His 
father, tired of his son’s lackadaisical attitude toward everything, had sent him to 
battle after Darvus had reached the solid-yellow core stage.
It was a nightmare in the beginning; Darvus looked down on me and considered me a 
liability after taking one look. Even after I had beat him down, having to resort to using 
my beast will, he still saw me unfit as a leader and did as he wanted. He only really 
cared about two things, and that was flirting with sleezy women and watching out for 
his childhood friend, Caria.
“Tessia? You know, you look pretty silly with just your head sticking out of the tent,” 
Caria said with her head tilted.
“Ah, no, I was about to get out. I’m going to take a shower,” I replied, somewhat 
flustered.
“Don’t be too long, Princess. The longer you wash, the more tempted I get to peek,” 
Darvus called out lazily, lying on his side by the fire.
“Then I’ll make sure to have you locked up every night with those old, pot-bellied men 
you love so much,” I threatened, carrying my clothes and towel over my shoulder.
“Can you stop with those indecent taunts?” Caria snapped as she kicked the arm that 
Darvus had been leaning his head on, causing the axe wielder to smash his head on 
the hard stone ground.
“Gah! Oww! Can we not always resort to violence, you vicious little mouse?” Darvus 
cried, rubbing the side of his head.
“You were asking for it,” Stannard chuckled from his seat, putting down his weapon. 
“Darvus, where did you put the beast cores we collected?”
“They’re over there,” he grumbled, pointing to the bag by their separate tent.
As I made my way toward the stream, I glanced over my shoulder to see Caria rubbing 
her childhood friend’s head, making sure he was okay. I wonder when she is going to 
gather the courage to confess to Darvus.
Caria Rede was just as headstrong as Darvus, if not more, but also bright and 
optimistic despite the harsh environment she was raised in. The Rede Family served 
the Clarell Family for many generations, but when Caria’s mother had failed to 
produce any males, Caria, the oldest of the daughters, was raised as if she was a male, 
trained to protect a member of the Clarell Family: Darvus.
This girl, who had the appearance of a thirteen-year-old and was actually only a few 
years older than me, had been the glue that held the team together. Caria was bright, 
cheery and sensitive of her surroundings, which served as great traits to keep Darvus 
and I from cutting each other’s throats. It was only after about a month or so that she 
confided in me that she had been helplessly in love with her perverted and lazy 
childhood friend. Needless to say, I was shocked at first, but I couldn’t help but 
empathize with her as a girl who had feelings for a boy that only saw her as a little girl 
that needed protecting.
Apart from her role as the mediator in our group, she truly shined in the battlefield. 
Even after fighting in battles for over three months, I’d yet to see anyone as agile, 
nimble and flexible as Caria. Her weapon was an artifact that took the appearance of 
a pair of gloves. However, when activated, they transformed into gauntlets reaching all 
the way up to her shoulders.
Going inside an open stall that had been conjured at the edge of the stream, I stripped 
my filthy clothes, careful not to irritate the scratches and bruises I’d gotten from this 
last battle. Dipping my body into the cold, flowing stream at the far end of the enclosed 
room, I hurriedly wiped myself with the cleansing herb I had brought. I had to 
constantly be moving to fight the brisk water. After washing myself and the clothes 
that I had fought in, I dried myself and changed into a fresh attire, keeping the towel 
wrapped around my head.
Arriving back to my camp, I huddled closely beside the fire, gingerly defrosting myself 
from the torturous shower. Darvus was nowhere to be found, most likely flirting with 
some of the female conjurers stationed to guard the main base. I could see Caria’s butt 
sticking out from our tent as she rummaged through her belongings, leaving only 
Stannard and myself by the fire.
“You should wash up as well. You don’t want your wounds to get infected,” I advised, 
facing my back toward the fire so my body could be evenly roasted.
“Ugh, I swear, fighting mana beasts is less painful than taking a bath in that near-frozen 
stream,” Stannard grimaced. “I guess I should, though. Let me finish up with this beast 
core first.”
I nodded in reply. I watched the blonde-haired boy, concentrating as he chanted a spell 
while clutching firmly at a beast core we had extracted from one of the gnolls.
Stannard Berwick, the last member of our team, had left a very distinct impression 
after his assessment. Professor Gideon was actually the one that had introduced him 
to my grandfather. When the dainty-looking boy that appeared no older than Caria 
stepped down at the training field, all three of us had our concerns. He was a darkyellow stage conjurer at the time, and had a dual affinity for fire and wind. This was 
good and all, but Stannard also had a deficiency in his mana core that prevented him 
from storing the usual amount of mana a yellow stage mage normally would’ve been 
able to.
At first, I thought that having Stannard in the backlines like the other “wand wavers,” 
as Darvus called them, would’ve been better because his condition. However, Gideon 
guaranteed that the boy would be useful to have as a teammate on the frontline. As it 
turned out, Stannard was a very peculiar type of deviant. His unique ability allowed 
him to somehow store actual spells into beast cores. However, he was the only one 
who could activate this prepared spell, otherwise, we’d all be carrying bags of loaded 
beast cores.
Seeing Darvus approaching our camp, I called out to him. “The ever-so-sexy-and-suave 
Darvus from the Clarell Family couldn’t get a date tonight?”
“Haha, the sheltered elf princess is getting better at sarcasm,” he snorted. “And it’s not 
that I couldn’t but because there were no girls worthy of myself.”
“You know, you’re only hurting her by doing this,” I sighed, pointing to Caria, who was 
still inside the tent.
“Why would she care what I do with women?” Darvus asked, his brow raised in 
confusion.
I shook my head. “Never mind, you dolt.”
Caria came out of the tent at that moment with dried fruit and meat in her arms. “I 
finally found where I hid these!”
Darvus let out an eager gasp as he eyed the food. “Why would you hide these?”
“So that our ever-so-sexy-and-suave teammate doesn’t inhale it all at once,” Stannard 
chimed, putting down the beast core he had just finished.
“Not you too,” Darvus groaned.
As we all laughed, a familiar voice called out to me from behind. “Princess!”
Turning around I couldn’t help but smile at the unexpected surprise. “Helen?”
Seeing the familiar face of Helen Shard, leader of the Twin Horns that Art’s father had 
once led, I excitedly waved at her and the rest of the Twin Horns behind her. “Hi Guys!”
I gave the leader of the Twin Horns a large hug before greeting the rest of her party.
“Guys, I’d like you to meet Helen Shard, Durden Walker, Jasmine Flamesworth, Adam 
Krensh and Angela Rose of the Twin Horns. I’ve told you about them before, right?” I 
pointed at my teammates, introducing them as well. “This here is Caria Rede, Darvus 
Clarell, and Stannard Berwick.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Madam.” Darvus rushed over to shake hands with Angela, 
the Twin Horn’s conjurer. “Darvus Clarell, fourth son of Darius Clarell, and I must say 
that you are a sight for these sore eyes of mine.”
“Ugh, typical,” Caria whispered. He goes straight to the one with the large…” She didn’t 
finish her sentence as she merely cupped the space in front of her chest exaggeratingly.
I looked down at my own breasts. I had never really cared about my figure, but looking 
at the two boys practically drooling over Angela’s womanly figure, I couldn’t help but 
wonder if even Art preferred…
“How long have you been here, Princess?” Helen’s voice snapped me back to reality.
“Huh? Oh, we’ve been here for about three months now, I think,” I replied. “And please, 
just call me Tessia.
“Sorry. We’ve only met a few times and they were all brief so I thought it’d be rude,” 
she chuckled.
“Did you just get here?” I asked, my eyes shifting toward the sight of both Stannard 
and Darvus trying to flirt with Angela.
“This afternoon. We were at The Wall for about four months before our party was sent 
here to help out with the scouting,” she explained as I motioned for her to have a seat 
beside me around our crackling fire.
The Wall was what everyone called the stretch of forts built along the the Grand 
Mountains to make sure the battle didn’t reach the other side. While I knew that the 
Alacryan forces might be invading from the western coast, Grandpa told everyone, 
including myself, to explicitly keep it a secret until proper preparations had been 
made.
Fortunately, communications with the dwarves had been going well over these past 
few months and they’ve agreed to let the humans and elves take shelter in their 
underground kingdom if needed.
No one was hoping it would get to that stage, especially the elves, because the distance 
between the Kingdom of Darv and Kingdom of Elenoir made it so only teleportations 
could be used. For now, many of the tribes along the southern half of Elenoir had 
migrated across the Elshire Forest and Grand Mountains near the central cities of 
Sapin. For now, Grampa’s, as well as the rest of the Council’s, plan was to get as many 
civilians as possible out of the western coast and away from the Beast Glades.
“What is it like fighting along the Wall, Helen?” I asked, curious about where a lot of 
the main fighting occurred. “Have you actually fought against Alacryan mages?”
“Yes,” she answered grimly. “The Alacryan forces are strong. Out at the Wall, it’s not 
just the Alacryan soldiers that we have to fight against but the mana beasts that they 
somehow put under their control as well.”
“I see.” I looked at my sword, dissatisfied that the only fighting I’ve done ever since I 
had joined the war was against the mana beasts under the control of the Alacryan 
forces.
Noticing the look on my face, Helen added, “But the battles going on here are just as 
important, maybe even more—trust me. The more mana beasts we kill here, the less 
there are up at the surface. And if we find and kill a mutant, the Alacryan forces lose 
hundreds of puppets fighting for them.”
I nodded silently in reply. I knew that winning the fights down here were crucial to 
this war. The main task of the soldiers gathered here were to find the mutant in the 
depths of the dungeon. Mutants were mana beasts, mostly leaders of their own 
dungeon, that were controlled by the Alacryans. They used the mutant to control the 
hundreds of mana beasts that served it. As long as these mutants existed, mana beasts 
of their species followed them, fighting alongside the Alacryan soldiers.
There were dozens of squads out there, deep inside various dungeons, trying to find
and kill the mutants before they gathered enough mana beasts and advanced toward 
the Wall.
Usually, there wouldn’t be this many soldiers inside one dungeon, but one of our 
scouts had found signs that a S class mana beast had been turned into a mutant.
“Anyway. Because the mutant hiding inside here is supposedly a S class mana beast, 
your grandfather had sent more mages here, which is why we’re here,” the large man 
named Durden chimed in, overhearing our conversation.
“Thank the heavens for that. And for dear grandfather for bringing such a fair angel 
into my arms,” Darvus added, inching an arm across Angela’s back.
Angela just giggled, regarding Darvus as a cute puppy, as Caria smacked Darvus upside 
the head and dragged him away where he could keep his hands to himself.
Stannard, who had been ridiculed by Angela when she cooed and pet his head like 
some pet, moved next to Durden, fiddling with his crossbow-like weapon with a scowl 
on his face.
“Tell me more about the fights happening in front of the Wall, Helen.” I turned back to 
the leader of the Twin Horns.
“Look, Princess,” Adam Krensh spat. “Fights that happen at the Wall aren’t bedtime 
stories that your nanny reads to you inside your fancy canopy bed. It’s war! People 
die—on both sides.”
The spear wielder with a head of red hair that looked like the burning fire we were 
huddled around glared at me as if he was scolding a child. I was about to say something 
when Durden got in between us. “You can’t take Adam’s words to heart or we’d have 
all killed him more than once in his sleep.”
Unknowingly, I was already standing up as Durden intervened. His words quelled my 
anger enough for me to sit back down, but I was still glaring at the lanky emberhead. 
Arthur had mentioned how Adam could be when he described the Twin Horns, but I 
didn’t realize how much of an understatement his words were.
“Adam, go set up our tents around one of the empty fire pits,” Helen ordered with a 
surprising amount of authority in her voice that wasn’t there when she was talking to 
me. “Angela, can you go help him out?”
With a cheery salute, she herded the grumbling Adam away from our camp, leaving 
only Helen, Durden and Jasmine—who had been silent since they had first arrived.
“Adam, despite how his words came out from that defective muscle he calls a tongue, 
only said that because he didn’t want you to know,” Helen sighed. “You think you’re 
over here fighting beasts, but in actuality, the Alacryan soldiers are much more 
monstrous than any mana beasts here. At least the creatures you battle here fight for 
survival and instinct. They fight to kill, and to some extent, that’s mercy.”
“What do you mean by that?” Stannard asked, his face pryed away from the weapon 
he had been cleaning once again.
There was hesitation on Helen’s face as she tried her best to sugarcoat whatever she 
was about to say until Jasmine had stepped up and explained for her.
“Information is the most important in a war,” she said evenly. “Both sides, they’re 
trying to get information out of each other. That means kidnapping… torturing.”
We were all silent for a moment as even Darvus’ usually aloof expression had 
hardened.
“Battles here are black and white—beasts are bad, you are good. When you’re fighting 
other humans, elves and dwarves that can all talk, scream in pain and beg for mercy… 
things become more gray and it becomes hard to distinguish what is right and wrong,” 
Jasmine continued, her face a stone mask despite the horrors she was describing.
The once lively atmosphere of a reunion had turned tense as I exchanged glances with 
my teammates.
Suddenly, a series of loud smashes made us all turn our heads toward one of the gated 
entrances that led deeper into the dungeon.
“Please, hurry let me in!” A muffled voice yelled from behind one of the doors. The 
sentry in charge of that entrance quickly verified the man’s identity before unbolting 
the door and hauling it open.
The entire cavern was deathly quiet as everyone stationed inside or resting after an 
excursion was standing up, their hands gripping their weapons and their gazes 
focused on the entrance.
As the two heavy doors slid apart, the man that had shouted from the other side fell 
through, laying unconcious.
“Does this happen often?” Helen asked, her bow ready in hand as her other hand was 
already at her quiver.
“No, it doesn’t,” I answered, my hand leaning on the pommel of my sword.
The sentry immediately pulled the scout inside before closing the doors.
“Get me a medic!” the sentry roared, hoisting the bloody scout on his shoulders. There 
weren’t any emitters stationed here since most were at the Wall, healing the wounded 
there. However, there were always a few people well-adept at medical treatment.
“Do you want to see what that’s all about?” Stannard glanced up at me.
“Do we have the clearance to go inside?” Helen asked, her neck stretched out to see.
“Being a princess is a kind of clearance, right?” Darvus shrugged, eager to know what 
had happened.
Letting out a sigh, I motioned them to follow. “Not everyone, though.”
Eventually, Helen and Stannard volunteered themselves to come with me. Arriving at 
the white canopy tent at the opposite wall of the entrances and closest to the exit back 
to the surface, two guards stopped us from going inside before recognizing who I was.
“P-Princess. What brings you here? Are you injured?” The slightly larger of the two 
armored guards asked, dipping his head to get a better look at me.
“No. I know the scout that just arrived and I’m worried about him. Do you mind letting 
us through?” I lied, giving him a solemn smile.
The two guards exchanged hesitant glances, but eventually they opened the 
removable tarp that served as the entrance.
I’d expected a lot more noise to be going on inside, especially from the shocking 
entrance of the scout, but the tent was empty except for the medic inside, her assistant, 
the leader of our expedition and the scout—who was still unconscious in bed.
At our arrival inside, the assistant and the leader of the expedition, a rather barrelchested augmenter named Drogo Lambert, stood up from their seats.
“Princess? What happened? Are you injured?” Drogo asked, worry, etched on his face. 
His face turned to Stannard, then Helen before his face lit up. “Helen Shard?”
“Nice seeing you, Drogo, or I guess I should call you leader, right?” Helen stepped up 
and shook hands with the bulking man, whose armor seemed to contain his muscles 
rather than protect them.
“Haha, please, you’re more than fit to take my place and more,” his smile faded as he 
regarded us in wonder. “So what brings you two here? Is everything okay?”
“Don’t worry, Leader, everything’s fine.” I nodded.
“The princess here is probably curious about what news our little slumbering prince 
brought to us, right?” the medic, an elderly woman with a hunch and a naturally 
scowling face to match, confirmed.
“Haha, I can’t hide anything from you, Elder Albreda.” I scratched my head.
“Bah! Does this poor excuse of a treatment center look like a gossip wing to you?” she 
grumbled as she organized a shelf full of herbs and plants.
“Of course not,” Helen chimed in. “But I was brought here with my team to help out in 
finding the S class beast that was turned to a mutant and send updates to my superiors 
back at the Wall periodically. I thought I’d find out fastest what was going on by talking 
to this guy.” Helen pointed to the unconscious man lying in bed with her eyes.
“Right. You’d be right in thinking that, but unfortunately he hasn’t woken up yet,” 
Drogo sighed, looking over his shoulder to the scout sleeping peacefully.
Stannard carefully approached the man. “What happened to him?”
“Dehydration and massive fatigue. The lad isn’t injured but it seemed like he hasn’t 
had anything to eat or drink for a few days and by the state of his feet, I’d say he’s been 
running nonstop for who knows how long.” Elder Albreda lifted the sheets to reveal 
the scout’s bandaged feet, splotches of red already seeping through the gauze.
“I see,” Helen responded. “Drogo, can you let us know as soon as he gets up?”
“Sure.” The leader of this dungeon expedition nodded.
As we were about to leave the tent, however, a sharp gasp made us turn back around. 
The scout had gotten up with a series of dry coughs.
“H-How long have I been out?” the scout sputtered in between fits.
“Calm down, soldier. One of the sentries recognized you; your name is Sayer, right?” 
Drogo had his arm behind Sayer’s back, supporting the scout.
“Yes, Sir,” he answered before greedily gulping down the cup of water the assistant had 
just handed him.
“Well, Sayer, it’s been only about ten minutes or so since you’d come back. What 
happened? Where is the rest of your team?” our expedition leader questioned.
“Dead, Sir. I had stayed behind…” the scout named Sayer hesitated. “I had a 
disagreement with my teammates so I had stayed behind.”
“Disagreement?” Drogo repeated.
“I felt terrible for letting my teammates go deeper by themselves so I trailed behind 
them almost immediately after they had left!” Sayer added, guilt practically etched on 
his forehead. “But they’d unknowingly walked into an ambush of gnolls far deadlier 
than the ones up here, Sir.”
Everyone in the tent was silent as we processed Sayer’s words.
“There must’ve been hundreds of them, Sir. A-And there was this large door behind 
them. As though they were protecting whatever was on the other side!” the scout 
stammered, taking another large gulp of water before continuing.
“I think we found it, Sir. I think we found the mutant’s den!”
STANNARD BERWICK’S POV:
My stomach lurched at the scout’s foreboding words.
This is it, I thought. This was what we were down here for. After this was over, I would 
be able to go back home for a bit and sleep in a real bed, eat a seasoned meal cooked 
for taste, not for sustenance. Yet why was I so afraid?
“Leader, I was able to do it.” The scout let out another pained breath. “I managed to set 
up the mass-teleportation gate near the entrance.”
“You did good, Sayer.” The leader, Dresh, squeezed the scout’s arm before heading out 
of the tent.
“Come on, we should prepare as well,” the woman named Helen Shard advised, 
following behind.
Tessia nodded firmly in response, motioning for me to follow. But I couldn’t.
My legs felt like they were anchored to the ground, as if my very body protested 
against the fact that following them might just lead to my death.
“Stannard? You okay?” Our team’s leader tilted her head, locking eyes with me as she 
lifted the tent flap.
“Yeah, I-I’m fine.” I said this more to convince myself than anything else.
We arrived back at our team’s campsite where Tessia relayed the scout’s news.
“Finally!” Darvus groaned in relief. “I can take a hot bath after all of this is over.”
“Can you at least try to say things a spoiled child wouldn’t?” Caria shook her head as 
she headed over to her tent.
“What? Everyone’s thinking it anyway, right?” Darvus turned to me. “Tell her, Stannard. 
You’re just itching for a hot bath after this, right?”
“Uh, yeah. Sure,” I replied blankly as I sat down with my mana launcher in my hands.
“Something wrong, Stan?” Darvus asked, raising a brow.
Letting out an annoyed sigh, I replied, “No, I’m fine. I just want this to be over.”
It was pointless to say anything. Darvus, Caria and Tessia all were genius mages and 
combatants. They didn’t need to feel fear in situations like these. They wouldn’t 
understand.
“All right. Well, we’ll head to our camp and prepare as well. Samantha and Adam have 
no clue of what’s going, on after all,” the short-haired leader of the Twin Horns 
announced as the rest of team trailed behind.
A few minutes after the Twin Horns had left, Dresh's voice echoed through the large 
cavern, alerting everyone of the scout’s message. Soon, the entire place was filled with 
a frenzy of movement as over a hundred soldiers scurried around to prepare 
themselves for the impending battle.
Beside me, Caria had already equipped her battle gear, which consisted of a light 
leather armor covering her vitals without hindering her mobility. She lay sprawled out 
beside me, stretching her limber body in ways that I would’ve normally deemed 
impossible if I hadn’t seen it for myself.
Darvus, sitting across from me by the fire, was juggling the smaller axes he used for 
throwing. The normally lax expression on the spoiled fourth son of the Clarell Family 
was gone, replaced by the calm and focused mask he normally had during a serious 
battle.
I turned to our leader, Tessia, who was actually the youngest on our team—losing to 
me in age by just a year—but was actually the most composed. She had already 
equipped herself for battle, adorning her toned and slim body in a light armor. Our 
leader wore a tight-fitting black leather wrap underneath a chainmail plate protecting 
her chest. An elegantly curved, metallic cover decorated with intricate designs of 
flowing branches rested on top of the shoulder of her dominant arm. Her wrist guards 
were of the same design as the single shoulder plate armor and the faults that 
protected her hips and thighs.
As Tessia tied her hair back, revealing the nape of her cream-colored neck, I couldn’t 
help but avert my gaze. I could feel my face growing hot as the image of Tessia’s elegant 
figure burned itself into my skull.
Get yourself together, Stannard. She’s out of your league! Besides, she’s in love with 
that Arthur guy. I shook my head as I tried to concentrate on counting the ammunition 
I had. We wouldn’t leave for a few more hours, which gave me some time to load more 
beast cores with spells.
I had about twenty-five low-damage rounds, and about eight high-damage cores. After 
roughly calculating, I had come to the conclusion that about five more low-damage 
and two more high-damage rounds should suffice.
Looking up, I observed as the mages began preparing the connection between the 
teleportation gates so that we would be able to arrive right where the scout had placed 
the artifact. As the shimmering portal enlarged, I couldn’t help but feel the weight of 
my body growing heavier by the second.
I had done well the past three months we’d been here. However, this was the real thing. 
I had fought mana beasts before all of this, but it would be the first time fighting 
against a mutant.
“Come on, Stannard. You should stretch too. It’ll be bad if your body suddenly cramps 
up while we’re in battle.”
Caria’s voice shook me out of my daze, her bright eyes looking down at me from beside 
the fire as she held out her hand.
A smile managed to escape my lips as I accepted her hand. “Go easy on me.”
After about two hours, the gate was ready and teams were already heading toward the 
gate, eager to be the first ones to go through. I gripped tightly at the handle of my mana 
launcher to keep my hands from trembling.
“Let’s go,” Tessia finally announced. A newfound fire burned in her eyes, 
determination practically leaking out of her pores.
“Aye, captain,” Darvus responded, a snarky grin on his face.
We approached the mass in front of the teleportation gate capable of transporting a 
few dozen at once.
“Are you guys ready?” a familiar voice chimed in from the left.
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” Tessia responded, a confident smile on her face as she 
locked eyes with Helen and the rest of the Twin Horns.
“Vanguard teams, brace yourselves upon arrival. We’re not certain how many mana 
beasts will be there on the other side,” Dresh yelled beside the portal. The teams he 
had specifically chosen beforehand would be the ones to lead the charge, as teams like 
ours would be more towards the rear, fighting any stragglers until the main battle 
came.
“Charge!” Dresh roared, unsheathing this longsword and taking the lead. The mass 
that gathered in front of the teleportation gate began dwindling as teams charged in 
with weapons at the ready.
Tessia, who was in front of our team, looked back at us over her shoulder. “We’ll all get 
out of this alive and eat a nice, delicious meal. Agreed?”
“Agreed!” we all shouted in unison as we stepped through the glowing gate.
I let out a crazed yell as I stepped through the gate in time to see an augmenter from 
one of the teams ahead of us get hacked down by a pair of hyena-faced gnolls.
“Grannith!” a woman beside him desperately cried out before the same pair of gnolls 
jumped on her.
As I quickly loaded my weapon with a low-damage core, Darvus had already sprung 
into action. With a powerful leap, he had cleared the distance and arrived above the 
gnolls that assaulted the female conjurer that had cried out for her dead comrade.
Unclipping his two short axes from his back, he brandished his weapons in the air. The 
air around him swirled, coalescing into his two axes as he let out a fierce battle cry.
Instantly, the two gnolls’ heads were severed clean. Blood had only splurted from the 
base of their necks a second after as he checked on the state of the conjurer.
“Damn it!” he swore, sending one of the decapitated bodies tumbling off with a firm 
kick. “She’s already dead.”
“Come on, don’t stay in one place too long. Stick together, but we need to move 
around,” Tessia ordered as she looked around us.
It seemed like a fair-sized group of gnolls and orcs had been waiting for us, because 
the few teams that preceded us were all locked in battle with mana beasts.
We were in a cavern about half the size of the main encampment. For a second, I 
thought we had arrived in front of the towering doors that the scout had speculated 
was the place where the mutant was, but peering ahead, there was only a narrow 
entrance to a hallway darkened by shadows.
“Stannard, to your left!” Caria’s voice called from behind.
Immediately, I whirled around, taking a step back just in time to dodge a crude head 
of a halberd. Raising my mana launcher in line with the orc’s chest, I fired off a lowdamage beast core, burning a hole into the center of the beast’s heart.
The monster crumbled to the floor, dropping its weapon with a heavy thud. I had no 
time to rest as another gnoll hastily approached.
“Got it,” Caria called out mid-dash. She bolted close to the ground like a speeding 
cannon as both her fists were tucked closely to her chest, ready to fire.
“Hahp!” Caria exploded up at breakneck speed with the help of a small earthen 
platform she had raised to accelerate herself. She brought her arms over her head, as 
if she wanted to dive straight into the approaching gnoll—her fingers pointed like the 
tip of a spear.
With a resounding thud, Caria’s gauntlet pierced through the stomach of the gnoll that 
had been about twice her size. As the giant dog-faced monster faltered, its grotesque 
face crinkled in shock, I delivered the final blow with another low-damage core.
Landing deftly on her feet, Caria regained her balance, shaking the blood off of her 
metal gauntlets before bolting off into another direction.
An agonizing growl behind me caught my attention. Turning around, I got a glimpse 
of Tessia taking down a pair of orcs and a large gnoll. She was a flurry of blades as she 
zipped from beast to beast. Each step, each swing, had a purpose as she slashed and 
lunged at gnolls as if in a choreographed dance.
Every time I saw her fight, I couldn’t help but grow amazed. I had always been jealous 
of Darvus and Caria for their innate talents in mana manipulation and fighting 
prowess, but Tessia’s skill and grace was at a level where one could only revere.
“It’s about time you made yourself useful, right Stannard?” Darvus called out as he 
pried out a hatchet from the skull of a dead orc.
“Shut it!” I retorted with a smile. “How about we start mobbing them up?”
I took out a large beast core that radiated an orange-red glow.
“Conjurer cross-fire!” Darvus yelled out in warning to the other soldiers that would be 
in range as he began herding a group of orcs.
The rest of the soldiers knew what to do as some began backing out of the way while 
others veered their opponents toward my line of fire.
A rather large conjurer approached me and gave a meaningful nod as he raised his 
staff in preparation as well. Soon, a few more conjurers joined while we all readied 
our attacks as more and more orcs and gnolls got herded toward the center of the dim 
cavern.
The few strays that had managed to break away from the group were quickly hacked 
down by the augmenters protecting us.
Taking a deep breath, I loaded the glowing beast core into my mana launcher. 
Steadying the tip of my weapon at the center of the mass of gnolls and orcs guarding 
their cavern, I waited for the signal.
A deep, baritone voice called out from the edge of the group as a soldier hacked and 
pushed a stray gnoll into the cluster of beasts that had been herded. “All clear!”
The conjurers positioned around me all fired off their most powerful spells at the mass 
as I waited calmly for the right timing. Just as the last spell shot out at the monsters, I 
launched my spell.
[Hell’s Prison]
The recoil from firing the sphere of fire three times my size sent me tumbling back 
into the cavern wall. The burning orb of fire grew in size as it advanced towards the 
group of orcs trying to escape, but they couldn’t make it in time as the blaze 
encompassed them and the spells that the conjurers had cast.
The flaming sphere diminished to reveal the charred remains of the few dozen mana 
beasts that had been trapped within, sending out a wave of cheers from the rest of the 
soldiers. The few scattered mana beasts were easily dealt with by the augmenters, 
giving me a few minutes to breathe.
“Good job, you peculiar little mage.” Darvus winked at me as he helped me back on my 
feet. There had been around twice as many mana beasts as there were soldiers, but by 
the end of the battle, we had incurred less than ten deaths.
“This was an overwhelming triumph, despite the surprise attack that the army of 
mana beasts laid down on us,” Dresh's firm and commanding voice echoed throughout 
the cavern. “Let’s not let our comrades’ deaths be in vain and continue forth!”
A fervent cheer resounded from the soldiers, including Darvus and Caria. Tess merely 
cleaned her blade and sheathed it back with a solemn face. Her hollow turquoise eyes 
followed an elf being carried back through the portal we had come through, staring 
intently at the jagged spear protruding out of the lifeless elf’s back.
I didn’t know whether Tessia had known that elf, but I couldn’t help but empathize 
with her.
Was this truly a victory if, to some people, the weight of those ten deaths mean so 
much more than a simple number count?
From the tense and gloomy air within the cavern, it was obvious that this battle had 
caught all of us by surprise. We were usually all capable in battle, but these past few 
months of repetitive excursions—hoping to find any signs that a mutant might be 
close—had left us dull and sloppy.
A few teams had already regrouped and were taking a rest while the injured and 
deceased were sent back to be properly cared for. Some of the more restless 
augmenters were sharpening their blades while conjurers sat still in meditation to be 
in top shape for whatever lay ahead of us.
As our young leader continued surveying the battlegrounds like a zombie, I finally 
called out for her to join us.
“What’s wrong?” I questioned. “Are you okay, Tessia?”
Her face turned to us as she revealed a faint, and obviously forced, smile. “It’s nothing. 
It’s good that we won… but we still ended up letting almost ten soldiers die.”
“Our ever-so-compassionate princess exuding kindness and grace to us peasants!” 
Darvus cried out. “We are not worthy!”
“Zip it,” Tessia quipped, her voice coming out a lot softer than usual.
“We did our best,” Caria consoled, gently patting her back.
“She’s right, Tessia. It’s impossible to save them all,” I added. However, rather than 
comforting her, it seemed to have the opposite effect, as her expression dropped.
“I guess you’re right. I can’t save them all,” she repeated glumly.
“Nice going,” Darvus whispered beside me.
“Hey! It was better than your sarcastic remark,” I retorted in a hushed voice.
“At this rate, I’ll only bring him down,” Tessia continued, almost too quiet for us to hear.
“By him, do you mean that guy you’re always talking about? Arthur, was it?” Caria 
chimed, leaning in, eager to hear about the boy Tessia depicted as some fantastical 
hero out of a children’s book.
“Ugh, not him again,” Darvus groaned. “Princess, when are you going to snap out of 
that delusion of yours?”
Tessia calmly shook her head. “It’s not like that.”
“What do you mean?” Darvus continued. “You describe him as if he’s some allpowerful, charismatic hotshot without a single humanly flaw.”
“Oh please. You’re just jealous because Arthur is everything you wish you could be, 
plus better-looking,” Caria accused. She then turned back to Tessia, eyes twinkling. “Is 
he really that handsome and charming?”
“I guess,” Tessia giggled. “He was pretty popular in school, although I doubted he knew 
that.”
“I’m hating the guy more and more,” Darvus grumbled.
Tessia shook her head. “He isn’t without flaws, though. Honestly, Arthur was kind of 
scary when I first met him.”
“You said he saved you from the slave traders after you ran away from home, right?” 
Caria confirmed.
“Y-Yeah.” Tessia’s face reddened at the embarrassing memory. “He did save me, though 
I felt like it wasn’t really out of the goodness of his heart, but some logical scheme. Of 
course, I was only a child back then so I could be wrong, but Arthur had always had 
this scary side of him where he seemed cold—heartless, even.”
“Ooh, a bad boy,” Caria cooed.
“I’m going to barf,” Darvus gagged. “If you ask me, he doesn’t seem like that great of a 
guy. I mean, he left you alone in danger a few times, right? And he went off on his own 
after you got kidnapped by that Alacryan mage that invaded Xyrus Academy! He didn’t 
even make sure you were okay and went off to who knows where.”
“He checked in with Grandpa to make sure I was okay, but he was in a hurry,” Tessia 
reasoned, her head lowering.
“Oh right, to go ‘train’ somewhere in secret.” Darvus rolled his eyes. “If you ask me, he 
just ran away from the war because he was afraid he would die.”
I took a peek at Tessia’s expression, afraid that she would be mad, but our leader was 
calm. “You’re wrong, Darvus. Arthur may be a bit clueless when it comes to expressing 
or even handling emotions, and a bit naive in some other aspects”—Tessia’s cheeks 
blushed ever-so-slightly—“but he’s not one to run away in fear; his desire to protect 
his loved ones is too strong for that.”
“Yes, yes. Arthur will be the hero that saves us from the wrath of the Alacryans,” Darvus 
sighed, conceding from Tessia’s determined gaze.
“He can’t be that strong though, right?” I asked. I had grown more and more curious 
about the boy Tessia cherished to such a degree.
Our leader’s lips curled into a smirk as she gazed afar. “He’s strong.”
“Well, I can’t wait to meet him!” Caria added. “You will introduce us to him, right?”
“Yeah.” Tessia’s smile dimmed. “Hopefully that time comes soon.”
Darvus shook his head, hugging himself. “Blech. You can count me out! I feel like I 
already know the guy way too much. Besides, after fighting alongside me for so long, I 
bet the guy will only look like some second-rate mage.”
“Is there a limit to how pretentious you can be?” Caria shook her head, eliciting a 
chuckle from me.
We got up after noticing that the rest of the teams had gotten reorganized. After Drogo 
finished counting the heads of the team leaders, we departed through the dark 
corridor on the far end of the cavern.
As the teams began marching into the narrow hallway, they were swallowed up by the 
shadows. Our team went in next, and it was shocking how the atmosphere changed so 
drastically once we stepped foot. The air was dry, still, and somewhat sour as the only 
sound that echoed along these walls was the sound of footsteps.
I was barely able to discern the figures of the soldiers ahead of us, the tiny light from 
someone in the front bobbing in the distance. I looked back in confusion; the light from 
the cavern we had just come from seemed to retract from the hallway.
“This is some spooky crap,” Darvus’s hushed voice echoed from behind.
“Tell me about it,” I said. Some of the other conjurers ahead of us tried to illuminate 
the hallway with a spell, but whatever orb of light they conjured were soon eaten away 
by the darkness.
“It looks like only the illuminating artifact up in the front works in this place,” Caria 
said from my side.
Tessia, who was ahead of us by a few steps continued walking, unaffected by the 
unnatural absence of light.
As we continued walking, the light from the cavern we had come from dwindled into 
a speck. Everyone walked in silence or hushed whispers, paying attention to our 
footing and the bobbing orb of light guiding our way.
It felt like we had marched for hours when another speck of light came to view. The 
orange light from the illuminating artifact stopped as Drogo spoke once more.
Our expedition leader spoke in a low voice, afraid that the mana beast would pick up 
on our conversation despite how far away we were. “We’ll soon arrive where Sayer, 
our scout, and his team had arrived before his team was ambushed by mana beasts. 
From what he had witnessed, we are to expect at least a few hundred gnolls and orcs, 
some larger than the ones we had faced up until now. Prepare your bodies and hearts, 
and may the ones watching over us be with you.”
We broke into a steady jog, the white light growing larger as we advanced through the 
dark corridor. Luckily, the ground was pretty even; if anyone ahead of us tripped, it 
would undoubtedly create a domino reaction.
The speed of the bobbing orange light ahead of us grew faster as we began picking up 
the pace until, finally, the illuminating light was almost upon us.
After being in almost total darkness, my eyes had to adjust as I stepped out of the 
corridor. I brandished my mana launcher, ready to blow apart anything that came my 
way.
However, my anticipation for a battle had gone to waste as all that lay before us were 
bodies sprawled on the ground and an eerie stillness.
Hundreds of orc and gnoll bodies lay scattered, massacred by the hundreds. I had to 
look at my feet to keep myself from accidentally stepping on a severed limb or body of 
a dead beast as I tried to deduce what had happened here.
I looked around, somewhat comforted by the fact that everyone else was just as 
confused as I was.
“What in the world?” Drogo’s head wouldn’t stop turning as he scoured the cavern, his 
hands gripping his longsword.
“I’m not sure whether to be relieved or scared at this,” Darvus said, his brow furrowed 
in suspicion.
“To the door!” Drogo commanded, snapping out of his daze.
All heads turned to face the towering doors at the other end of the circular cavern. The 
only impressive thing about the double doors were their towering size. The metal that 
covered them was thick and covered with dents and scratches, making it seem ancient 
and threatening.
As we all headed towards what we presumed was the den of the mutant, the tension 
began to rise. No one spoke as we all stood around the large doors that each spanned 
over five meters in width. The hundred or so that were left of us took position in a 
semicircle around the doors, all braced to attack or defend, as ten augmenters 
positioned themselves to haul the entrance open.
“The door,” one of the men voiced. “It’s not fully closed.”
Everyone looked at one another, perplexed by the strange chain of events, but Drogo 
snapped everyone to attention with a firm stomp.
“Open it!” he ordered, lowering his stance to combat whatever lied in store on the 
other side.
The harsh screech of the metal doors against the stone ground echoed until they had 
been completely pried apart.
For a brief moment, not a single word was spoken as the entirety of the soldiers ready 
to fight for their lives stood frozen, jaws slack.
Atop a hill of corpses that loomed high above us sat a lone man. His arms rested on 
the hilt of a thin, teal sword that shined dimly beneath a layer of blood that had come 
from the body of the orc it had been embedded in. Scattered beneath this mountain of 
carcasses were more bodies of orcs and gnoll, some frozen, some burned, others 
simply bisected.
At first glance, the pile of corpses that the man was resting over seemed to blend 
together into indiscernible remains of mana beasts, but looking closer, there was a 
figure near the top that stood out amongst the others. With the head of a giant lion 
and the body of a scaled monster, it lay sprawled in a bloodied mess. Its gray body was 
lifeless as the unnaturally black horns that sprouted out of its head had been 
shattered.
There was no doubt about it. That was the S class mutant we had ventured all this way 
for, that we had laid down our lives for—except it was already dead.
I focused my gaze back at the man, sitting tiredly atop a throne of corpses, when he 
finally lifted his head.
The man wasn’t even staring directly at me, yet I could feel his domineering pressure 
weigh down on my very soul. Every fiber in my body screamed at me to run away as 
far as possible from this man. My sense of fear became magnified as the man’s azure 
eyes gleamed balefully from above.
This wasn’t anything like the diminutive fear I had felt back at the tent; no, this was 
true dread.
I knew—and most likely everyone in here knew as well—that advantage in numbers 
didn’t apply to someone like him.
From my side, I spotted a figure stepping forward. I almost lashed out in fear for the 
person’s life when I realized it was Tessia. Suddenly, the dread that had overcome me 
grew stronger as I hopelessly stood, frozen from the unbreakable shackles of terror, 
as Tessia took another step forward.
Time itself seemed to slow as our leader dropped the thin blade in her hand. A single 
tear rolled down Tessia’s cheek as her face contorted into a mix of different emotions.
She uttered a single word that left me more overwhelmed than the man sitting on top 
of the mountain of corpses. “Art?”
Tessia took another step forward, less hesitant this time. “A-Arthur? Is that you?” she 
muttered once more, her voice getting caught in her throat.
Every one of the soldiers, augmenters and conjurers alike, had their heads turned to 
face our leader as she approached the man sitting atop the hill of corpses, as if in a 
trance.
Suddenly, the silence that had filled the cavern was broken by a bright chirp. Seeming 
to come out of nowhere, a streak of white shot out towards Tessia and landed in her 
arms.
It looked like some sort of miniature white fox.
“Sylvie!” Tessia, exclaimed, embracing the creature before looking back up.
“Y-You! State your name!” Dresh was the one to speak, his usually confident voice 
wavering at the sight before him.
The blue-eyed man regarded him in silence for a moment, making Dresh instinctively 
take a step back, before he answered. “Arthur Leywin.”
Prying his bloodied sword out of the corpse it was embedded into, he deftly leaped 
down the large mound of bodies, landing in front of the large doorway.
As he stepped out of the shadows, I could finally make out his full appearance that had 
been shrouded in darkness.
He appeared pretty young despite the aura that emanated from him. Tousled, 
shoulder-length auburn hair contrasted his bright eyes that seemed composed—
casual, almost—even in this situation. The splatters of blood and grime that darkened 
his face and clothes did nothing to diminish his looks.
This man wasn’t glamorous. Nothing like the noblemen I’d seen, who carried 
themselves with chests puffed out and nose pointed so high up that they might as well 
have been looking at the sky. No, behind his nonchalant gaze and slightly curled lips 
was an air of sovereignty that transcended any of those peacock nobles fluttering their 
power like colorful plumage.”
Sheathing his teal sword into an unadorned black scabbard, he took a step toward us 
with his hands held up. “I’m on your side,” he said wearily.
The soldiers present all exchanged uncertain glances at one another as Tessia took 
another step forward.
“Arthur?” several members of the Twin Horns exclaimed as they all ran up to them.
However, Tessia remained where she was. I saw them lock eyes for a brief moment 
and I thought I even saw a faint smile from Arthur, but neither of them approached 
each other.
Tessia’s actions caught me off guard, but the way the Twin Horns acted with the guy 
named Arthur seemed to dissipate the tension and suspicion that had filled the cavern. 
However, this only brought on more questions in my head.
Assuming that really was the Arthur Leywin our leader had told us so much about, 
what was he doing here? How did he get here? Did he kill the S class mutant by 
himself?
I turned my head to Darvus and, by his furrowed brows and perplexed gaze, it seemed 
like he was also curious about the same things. Caria, on the other hand, had a goofy 
smile plastered on her face as she ogled the man surrounded by the Twin Horns—
ignoring the fact that there was a giant pile of bloody and stinking corpses just behind 
them.
“While I hate to interrupt your reunion, there are more pressing matters at hand,” 
Dresh spoke aloud. “What exactly happened here? I had not been informed that 
anyone by the name of ‘Arthur’ would join us down here in this dungeon.”
“I’m sure no one had been informed since I arrived less than an hour ago,” Arthur 
replied, stepping out from the crowd of his friends that had surrounded him. “Even I 
was surprised to be greeted by so many mana beasts.”
“A-Are you saying that you, single-handedly, killed all of those mana beasts—including 
the S class mutant—behind you?” a soldier stammered.
“Do you see anyone else in there alive besides me?” Arthur tilted his head.
“That’s impossible!” another soldier yelled out. “How can a mere boy do what a whole 
battalion of mages had set out to do by himself?”
Arthur simply raised a brow, unaffected by the remark. “It really doesn’t matter 
whether you believe me or not. The fact is, the mutant that you guys were ordered to 
kill is now dead.”
More and more soldiers began asking questions and spouting accusations, but all were 
ignored by the mysterious man. He simply walked over to Dresh and extended a hand. 
“You seem like the leader of this expedition. Do you mind letting me stay at your camp 
tonight? I’m rather spent and would like a decent night’s rest before heading out.”
Dumbfounded, Dresh accepted his handshake and nodded wordlessly.
“What about all the beast cores?” a bearded conjurer blurted out, pointing at the 
mountain of mana beasts.
Everyone, once again, exchanged glances with one another in hopes that they would 
somehow find answers within someone’s eyes. Usually, the beast cores that were 
collected after a battle were split amongst the soldiers. Looking at the sheer number 
of corpses that had been stacked atop one another in that large hill of bodies, even the 
most humble man would drool at the potential to be gained.
“They’re all gone,” Arthur answered quietly. “Sorry, but my bond has quite a large 
appetite for beast cores,” he continued, pointing to the furry white fox still cleaning 
itself.
“Are you saying that that little thing just devoured hundreds of beast cores?” a burly 
augmenter retorted in disbelief as his hand gripped tightly at the handle of his sword.
“Yes,” he responded matter-of-factly.
“What about the S class mutant’s beast core? What happened to that?” Dresh asked, 
regaining his composure.
“I have it.” Arthur let out a sigh. “Any more questions? I’ll be happy to debrief later, but 
standing around answering everyone’s questions isn’t exactly the best use of our 
times.”
“We’ll escort him back to base, Leader,” Tessia spoke up as the members of the Twin 
Horns all nodded in agreement.
“Very well. For now, I want a few teams to stay behind to look for any stragglers and 
collect anything worth selling. The rest, we’ll go back to camp and wait for further 
instructions,” Dresh ordered, placating the dissatisfied soldiers.
The trip back to the main camp was almost as tense and stifling as it had been when 
we had first opened the dungeon doors. Caria, Darvus and I all kept silent as the sour 
mood of almost every soldier present weighed down on our shoulders. Even Tessia 
and the Twin Horns kept their conversations with Arthur down to hushed, 
indiscernible whispers.
Behind me, I could hear the conversations of soldiers, some glad that there was no 
battle, others disappointed at the fact that they would leave with no beast cores or 
other bounties. and some downright angry for not being able to battle a strong mana 
beast. However, despite the mixed feelings everyone had of the guy’s appearance, we 
all shared one emotion: fear.
Upon arriving back to the main camp, the guy named Arthur headed straight for the 
bathing stalls by the stream while Tessia and the Twin Horns followed Dresh into his 
personal tent.
“Well that was anticlimactic,” Darvus sighed, slumping down next to the smoldering 
remains of our campfire.
“I’d say that it was pretty eventful,” Caria countered. “Did you see that pile of mana 
beasts? And that giant mutant? I doubt that even with all of us combined, we’d come 
out from a fight like that unscathed.”
“Exactly!” Darvus exclaimed. “That guy, Arthur… How the hell was he able to kill them 
all—if he really did kill them in the first place?”
I shook my head. “What, you think the guy was sitting there, posing, waiting for us to 
show up to take the credit?”
“W-Well, I’m not sure about that, but I mean… it’s not natural. Tessia said he was 
around her age, which means he’s a bit younger than us. What kind of fiery pit did he 
have to grow up in to become a monster like that?” Darvus let out a sigh, looking down 
at the two axes he had been fumbling with in his hands. “If he really was able to 
singlehandedly kill all mana beasts along with that S class mutant, what are guys like 
us needed for?”
“Do I smell a hint of jealousy?” Caria smirked, lightly prodding Darvus with her elbow.
“You meant to say envy, Caria,” I corrected on impulse.
She turned to me. “What’s the difference?”
“Jealousy is what you feel when you worry someone will take something you possess. 
Envy is longing after something someone else has.” I shook my head. “You know what? 
Never mind; it’s not important.”
Caria just shrugged and placed a hand on her childhood friend’s shoulder. “Anyways, 
he’s just one person, Darvus. No matter how strong he is, it’s not like he can win the 
war by himself. You saw the state he was in. He wasn’t really hurt but he seemed pretty 
worn out!”
Darvus rolled his eyes. “Thanks. At least he was tired after wiping out an army of mana 
beasts and an S class mutant by himself.”
“No need to get snarky with me, Darvus. I’m just trying to help,” Caria clipped, her 
cheeks turning red.
“Well, don’t! I don’t need your pity. Besides, that guy isn’t natural. No point in 
comparing myself to a freak of nature like him.”
“I don’t know, he seems pretty normal to me,” I chimed in. “Putting his strength aside, 
he seemed like a decent person while he was talking to the Twin Horns.”
“Yeah, I even spotted a smile from him when he saw Tessia!” Caria added, her lips 
curling up as well at the thought. “Although I was expecting something more, like a 
passionate hug or something.”
“Please, you saw the way he talked to everyone. He was a snobby jerk,” Darvus 
continued, shaking his head.
“Well everyone was kind of a jerk to him,” I countered. I didn’t know why I was 
defending the guy, but it was times like these that Darvus really rubbed me the wrong 
way. Whenever a situation didn’t go his way, he always pointed fingers and made 
assumptions to feel better about himself.
Darvus’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you taking his side?”
“I’m not strictly taking his side”—I shook my head—“I just think it’s naive to base our 
impressions on the guy without even holding a conversation with him. You’ve heard 
how Tessia always talked about Arthur. Don’t you think we should give him the benefit 
of the doubt?”
“Tessia’s mind is probably clouded by her past memories of the guy,” Darvus scoffed. 
“You saw the tension between the two. Hey, maybe you finally have a shot with her.”
I couldn’t take it anymore. “Are you that petty? You sound like a child, bringing me into 
this. You’re drawing conclusions on this guy based on what, exactly?”
“G-Guys, let’s not fight,” Caria voiced, her eyes shifting from me to Darvus.
“I’m basing it off my instinct, twerp!” Darvus hissed, standing up. “Maybe that’s 
something you can’t do because of your deformed mana core.”
I could feel blood rushing to my head at that insult.
“Well, at least I don’t need to convince myself and everyone else that someone better 
than me can only be a monster just to keep his worthless pride intact!” I spat out.
Darvus’ face burned red as well as he shook in rage. Throwing the hatchet he had been 
white-knuckling down at the ground in front of him, whipped around and stomped to 
our tent and slipped inside.
“Stannard…” Caria came over to me after watching her best friend go. “Y-You know he 
didn’t mean that, right? Come on, you know how he gets when he’s all riled up.”
Letting out a sigh, I mustered up a faint smile toward the girl who was just a bit taller 
than me. “I’m fine. It’s not like it’s the first time we’ve had one of these fights. I don’t 
butt heads as often as Tessia does with him but that’s mainly because I just hold it in. 
It’s when I can’t endure it that I explode and something like this happens.”
“You’re right, though,” Caria replied after a moment of silence. “Darvus is much better 
than he was back then, but being the prodigious son of noble blood, he was handed 
everything: wealth, resources, attention, and even talent.”
“A whole lot of good that does him if he’s still an ass.” I rolled my eyes. “Look, Caria, I’m 
not mad at you, and I’m not even mad at what Darvus said to me. I’m just tired of his 
narcissistic ego that pops up no matter how much you try to shove it down.”
Caria let out a small giggle. “Tell me about it. I’ve known him more than twelve years 
and I bet rabid mana beasts could mature much faster than Darvus. But ever since he’s 
met Tessia and you, he’s gotten a lot better. That’s a fact.”
“Yeah, I know.” I nodded, already looking for a way to break the ice with my egocentric 
teammate.
Caria and I talked for a while longer as we sat around the fire we lit up once more. As 
two shadowed figures approached, we stood up.
“Hey guys,” Tessia’s voice rang. As the two got closer, I could make out our leader and 
the guy next to her.
“I’d like you to meet my childhood friend, Arthur,” she said, putting a hand on the man 
next to her. When I stood up and approached them, I couldn’t help but notice that our 
leader’s eyes were a bit red.
His hair still damp from his bath, Arthur dipped his head. “Stannard Berwick and Caria 
Rede, right? Nice to meet you guys, and thank you for taking care of my friend. I know 
she can be quite a handful.”
This got out a giggle from Caria as Tessia jabbed an elbow to his ribs. Seeing the two 
like this made me doubt the feeling I had when I first saw the guy. Without the blood 
covering most of his face, it was safe to say Arthur was indeed the enemy of all single 
males. His features were sharp, but not overly so, with a subtle charm that went 
beyond just the textbook standard of handsome. His reddish-brown hair was a tad 
long, as if he hadn’t gotten a proper trim in years, but it only served to hide his looks—
not dampen them.
He was a head taller than Tessia, which made him quite tall for his age since our leader 
was just a few centimeters shorter than Darvus. Even underneath the loose-fitting 
robe he wore, I could tell his physique was that of a fighter. The way Arthur carried 
himself, the way he walked over here, and the way his eyes seemed to gaze over 
everything around him indeed confirmed that the aura he exuded wasn’t just my 
imagination.
As Tessia and Arthur were about to take a seat around our fire, Darvus stormed out of 
his tent. When he passed by me, he shot me the look of embarrassment he always had 
when he was about to apologize, but I stopped him with a hand. Revealing a snide 
smirk, I mouthed, “It’s fine, twerp.”
Darvus scratched his head as he flashed a wry smile. However, his gaze turned rigid 
as he faced Arthur. Tessia, Caria and I all looked at him, worried at what he might say 
when Darvus lifted a finger and said loudly. “Arthur Leywin. I, Darvus Clarell, fourth 
son of the Clarell House, formally challenge you to a duel!”
TESSIA ERALITH’S POV:
The image of Arthur on top of that mountain of corpses, drenched in blood, looking 
down at us with a cold glare, had been burned into my head for hours now. I 
recognized him almost immediately, but my voice got caught in my throat. I couldn’t 
call out to him; I was scared to.
Even after gathering the courage to finally say his name, he stayed silent. The fear that 
something had changed in him during his training immediately came to mind as he 
faced us. When Sylvie popped out, I was happy, but even when Arthur finally spoke, I 
couldn’t get rid of the unease in my chest.
The sight of him stepping into the light made my heart feel like it had twisted into a 
knot. He was filthy and his eyes practically screamed exhaustion, but it really was 
Arthur. I wanted to embrace him right there, just as the Twin Horns were doing, but 
something in me kept me from doing so. Looking at my childhood friend, I sensed a 
clear distance that went beyond the few meters that separated us. And so I stood still, 
anchored, as I gave him a hesitant smile that didn’t even reach my eyes.
He smiled back, but it was only for a moment as the soldiers immediately began 
questioning him.
Throughout the trip back to the main camp, Arthur stayed relatively silent despite the 
chatter of the Twin Horns around us. They were all excited to have him back, despite 
the obvious discontent among the soldiers. Arthur smiled when spoken to, and he 
responded with minimal words, but that was it. Immediately after arrival, he spotted 
the stream and went to wash up with Sylvie. I went straight to the main tent with Dresh 
and the Twin Horns to try and help appease the tension our leader, along with the rest 
of the soldiers, felt towards my childhood friend.
Arthur came to the main tent after he had washed up, but even without the blood and 
filth covering him, he was just as unapproachable. He debriefed what was necessary, 
otherwise stating that the information was to be told directly to my grandfather. I 
stayed silent throughout the short meeting as Dresh and the Twin Horns bombarded 
him with questions.
Dresh left first to inform the rest of the soldiers of their next course of action. The 
Twin Horns reluctantly agreed to let Arthur rest only after being promised of a more 
detailed account later.
With only Arthur and me left in the tent, I remained tense, staring at my feet as I could 
feel Arthur’s gaze boring into me. I didn’t know what to say, how to act, or even how 
to feel. With Arthur suddenly appearing in front of me after more than two years, and 
him acting so… distant, I was at a loss. Whatever confidence I had left to approach my 
childhood friend went out the window as I looked at my pitiful state. Here I was, 
dressed like a man, layered from head to toe with grime and soot. Worst of all, my hair 
was a bird’s nest and I smelled like week-old garbage.
I could see him walking up to me, each of his footfalls making my heart beat just a little 
bit faster. However, I refused to look up. As he came closer, I could smell the faint aroma 
of herbs coming from him. Don’t come closer, I prayed, scared that he’d be repulsed by 
my stench.
His feet stopped just in front of mine but my eyes stayed glued to my feet as I squirmed 
awkwardly. For a moment, we were both silent. The only sound I could hear was the 
beating of my uncooperative heart.
“It’s been a while, Tess,” Arthur finally said. “I missed you.”
At those few words, the ice that had stiffened my body melted. My vision became 
blurry as I refused to stare anywhere else but at my feet.
I clenched my fists to keep myself from shaking. My eyes betrayed me as I could see 
the drops of tears darkening the leather of my boots.
Art’s warm hand gently touched my arm and I couldn’t help but notice how large it 
was. I had known him since he was shorter than me, but now, the simple touch of his 
palm filled me with a sense of protection. I tried my utmost to stay firm, but I found 
myself sniffling uncontrollably as my body began quivering.
I didn’t exactly know what came over me to reduce me to such a state. Maybe it was 
finally seeing my childhood friend again. Maybe it was because his words just now 
confirmed that it was still truly him, not the cold killer that I thought he had turned 
into when I first saw him. It might possibly not have had anything to do with that at 
all; I couldn’t exactly explain the reason why every barrier I had unconsciously raised 
to endure these last two years had just come crumbling down. All I felt was this wave 
of relief that everything was okay now, that I didn’t have to worry anymore. All of a 
sudden, it felt like everything Grandpa, Master Aldir and everyone else had been 
worrying about would turn out okay now that Art was here.
It was funny how a person could do that—how one person could make you feel truly… 
safe.
“Art… you… idiot!” I hiccuped in between sniffles. I raised my fists to hit him, but by 
the time they reached his chest, there was no strength behind them.
I must’ve shouted every profanity I knew at him, blaming him for just about 
everything: his cold attitude, his tastelessly long hair that made him look scary, his 
lack of contact until now—down to how it was his fault I was in my current state. Art 
just stood there, silently taking it all as his large hand continued to warm my arm.
I was angry, I was frustrated, I was embarrassed, but I was relieved. That whole mix of 
emotions turned me into a lump of tears as I continued assaulting Art—mostly 
because I hated myself for how I was acting right now.
After crying out all that I could, I rested my head against his chest, staring down at his 
feet that had also been spotted with my tears, letting out hiccups and sniffles.
It was quiet for a minute and I finally worked up the courage to look at his face, only 
to see him staring right back at me.
I was about to whip my head away when his smile stopped me. It wasn’t like the smile 
he had when we saw each other at the entrance of the mutant’s lair. His eyes crinkled 
into two crescent moons as a warming sincerity tugged at the corners of his lips to 
create a gleaming smile.
“You’re still a crybaby, aren’t you?” he joked, removing the hand he had on my arm to 
wipe a stray tear that refused to drop to the ground.
“Shuddup,” I replied, my voice coming out nasally.
Letting out a soft chuckle, he motioned with his head to follow him. “Come on. Your 
friends must be waiting.”
I gave him a nod, picking up Sylvie, who had been asleep on the ground. As we walked, 
my gaze constantly shifted between the sleeping Sylvie to Art.
“You got taller,” I remarked, my eyes now focused on Sylvie.
“Sorry I can’t say the same for you,” Art teased, weariness evident in his eyes as he let 
out a faint smile.
“I’m tall enough.” I stuck out my tongue.
Spotting Caria and Stannard talking around our fire, we picked up our pace as I tried 
my best to hide all signs that I had been crying.
After introducing Art to the both of them, we situated ourselves around the fire when 
Darvus suddenly came stomping out with a determined expression.
“Arthur Leywin. I, Darvus Clarell, fourth son of the Clarell House, formally challenge 
you to a duel!” he announced without any particular anger or spite; instead, he looked 
resolute.
“What?” the rest of us, aside from Art, exclaimed in unison.
My gaze immediately landed on Art to see how he would react. With him being 
physically and mentally drained from these past few hours, I didn’t know how he 
would take such a confrontation. However, to my relief, I spotted an amused 
expression on my childhood friend.
“Nice to meet you, Darvus Clarell, fourth son of the Clarell House. May I ask for the 
reason of this duel?” Art replied without getting up.
Caria immediately got up and held back Darvus. “D-Don’t mind him, Mr. Leywin—”
“Please, just call me Arthur.”
“—Arthur,” she amended. “He’s just being foolish.”
“I’m fine, Caria. I’m not mad or anything.” Darvus shook his childhood friend away 
before facing Art again. It was a weird sight seeing Darvus speak to Art in such a formal 
and respectful manner since Darvus was a few years older than Art.
“As for my reason,”—Darvus paused—“with all excuses aside—a man’s pride.”
I was utterly baffled by his response, and looking at the stunned expressions on Caria’s 
and Stannard’s faces, so were the two of them.
However, Art stifled back a laugh as he covered his mouth. His shoulders shook as he 
tried to hold it in before breaking down into a hearty laugh.
The four of us looked at each other with expressions of even greater confusement as 
even Darvus looked bewildered. Soldiers, drawn in by the uncontained laughter of Art, 
gathered around our camp, trying to figure out what was going on.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to offend,” Art finally spoke, stifling in his laughter. “After 
spending what felt like a lifetime with those old coots, I just thought that what you 
said was quite refreshing.”
“Thank you?” Darvus replied, still trying to figure out whether to be offended or 
pleased with Art’s remark.
“Sure, as long as lives aren’t at stake, I’m fine with a duel,” Art said with a content smile, 
getting up from the stump he was sitting on.
As the two guys began making their way toward the southern wall of the cavern, the 
group of curious soldiers eagerly followed behind them.
“Do you know what this is about?” I asked Caria as the three of us trailed behind the 
group.
My petite teammate merely let out a sigh as she shook her head. “Something about 
him feeling insecure because Arthur is younger and supposedly stronger than he is.”
“Not to mention he’s pretty bitter that Arthur is better-looking than him too,” Stannard 
added, letting out a deep breath as well.
“What? So that’s what he meant by a ‘man’s pride’?” I blurted, dumbstruck.
“Yeah, I know. He’s hit a new low.” Caria nodded, looking at my expression. “I wonder 
if all men are like that?”
We both turned to Stannard who looked back at us with an unamused raised brow. 
“On behalf of all men, allow me to say that we aren’t all like that.”
“Maybe not all, but it has to be a majority, right?” Caria asked, making me giggle.
Letting out a defeated sigh, Stannard nodded. “Probably.”
We got to the makeshift dueling grounds just in time to see them about to begin. It 
seemed like the entire camp had stopped what they were doing to watch the two go 
at it. I could understand the soldiers being curious about Art’s strength since we had 
only seen the aftermath of his fight, but I didn’t expect to see Dresh at the front, eagerly 
waiting in anticipation next to the Twin Horns. The usually impartial Helen, leader of 
the Twin Horns, was enthusiastically rooting for Art as the rest of her party cheered 
him on. Soldiers from this expedition who had all seen Darvus in action and knew of 
his prowess cheered for him with whistles and hoots.
Beside me, Caria let out a groan. “Who am I supposed to root for?”
“Shouldn’t it obviously be to your childhood friend?” I teased, snickering at the sight 
of Darvus pompously receiving the cheers with his chest puffed out. Sylvie, who was 
still in my arms, shifted in her sleep from the noisy crowd, taking a quick peek before 
deciding that her sleep was more important.
“Hey! We don’t always have to choose our childhood friends,” Caria replied, shaking 
her head at Darvus’s unseemly attitude.
“You kind of do, Caria,” Stannard snorted, turning his gaze toward my arms. “Anyway, 
I didn’t ask before but it’s been on my mind; what sort of mana beast is Arthur’s bond 
anyway?”
“You wouldn’t believe me even if I told you,” I smirked, focusing on the mock duel 
ahead.
Art was leisurely standing with his left hand leaning on the pommel of his sword as 
Darvus began juggling his axes to put on a show for the crowd to see.
“Just before you came, Tess, he was in such a sour mood. Now look at him; God, I swear, 
he has the emotional stability of a four-year-old,” Caria grumbled.
“Probably even younger,” I chuckled, remembering how mature Art was when he was 
four years old.
One of the soldiers, a seasoned augmenter, volunteered himself to be the referee and 
stood between Darvus and Art with his hand held up.
“I’m sure the general consensus is that we’d like to keep this cavern in one piece, so I 
want you both to keep mana usage strictly to body augmentations. Is that clear?” the 
soldier asked, taking a glance at Dresh for confirmation.
Getting the approval from the leader of this expedition as well as two consenting nods
from Darvus and Art, the soldier swung down his hand. “First to yield or otherwise be 
incapacitated loses. Begin!”
STANNARD BERWICK’S POV:
At the referee’s signal, the match began.
All traces of pompousness from Darvus disappeared as he carefully circled around 
Arthur. As our leader’s childhood friend remained standing in the same position, 
Darvus continued to side-step around him, warily looking for an opening.
Darvus had in his hand two identical axes that differed only in color. These two 
weapons were precious family heirlooms that had been passed down generation to 
generation to the strongest practitioner of their Clarell style of axe-wielding. The two 
axes looked more like misshapen swords with blades melded right above the handle, 
not near the top. The flat of the blades had strange markings etched into both of them 
that didn’t match the simple, unadorned handles of the weapons. I knew that Darvus 
was serious just from the fact that he took these weapons out. I’d only seen this pair 
of axes once, and that was only because Caria begged him to show us.
Darvus continued to slowly circle Arthur, always keeping a steady position, never 
crossing over his legs in between steps. Arthur, for some reason, stayed completely 
still even as Darvus inched behind him.
Sweat beaded down the sides of Darvus’s face as he stopped right behind his 
opponent’s open back. The only sound inside the cavern was the faint rushing of water 
from the stream as the crowd’s cheering subsided. Everyone stared anxiously at the 
two contestants, not doubting the reason for Darvus’s hesitation despite his 
advantageous position.
After another slow sidestep, Darvus lowered his position and launched himself at Art’s 
back. I couldn’t help but become involuntarily drawn into the battle as Darvus closed 
the five-meter gap in just two quick steps.
Darvus had both his axes loaded to his right in preparation for what looked like an 
upward swipe, but as soon as he was about to get in distance, Darvus abruptly veered 
course. Steering clear of the seemingly still Arthur, Darvus went back to his original 
distance, his forehead drenched in sweat as his chest heaved in and out for air.
“What was that, Darvus?” a soldier cried out.
“Stop being a wimp!” another voice shouted.
Tessia, Caria and I exchanged glances, unsure of what was going on with Darvus. It 
hadn’t even passed the two-minute mark since this duel had started, yet he looked to 
be in worse shape than that one time our team had been locked in a battle for several 
hours.
It was impossible for Darvus to be this tired after just a few minutes, but it wasn’t the 
only thing that confused me.
I’d been with Darvus as he mercilessly hacked away at A class mana beasts with cruel 
efficiency, and beat down adventurers twice his size and in the same class with a 
content smile on his face, so I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Even from here, I 
could make out the distinct features of an emotion that I had thought the battlehungry Darvus lacked: fear.
At the discontent hollers of a few more soldiers, Darvus clicked his tongue before 
snapping out at the crowd to shut up.
Taking a deep breath, Darvus lowered his center of gravity with renewed fervor in his 
eyes as he stared attentively at Arthur—who may as well have been a statue at this 
point.
The edges of my teammate’s two axes glowed amber as he lowered them so that the 
tips were touching the ground. Darvus stomped his right foot as if he was about to leap 
toward his opponent, but instead, he stayed rooted as he swiped both of his axes 
upward in a cross.
Darvus's spell caused a trail of fine grain to follow his two blades before shooting out 
in a cross-shaped attack
As the crescent of pebbles shot out towards Arthur, I couldn’t help but admire the 
effectiveness of the spell. While normal grains of sand didn’t strike fear into my heart, 
at break-neck speeds, they could put dozens of small holes in unsuspecting opponents.
The fine, earthen barrage reached its target almost instantly, but rather than poke 
holes or even break skin, the pebbles bounced off Tessia’s childhood friend harmlessly, 
as if a toddler had thrown the sand at him.
At first, I thought Darvus had failed to properly cast the spell, but the remaining spray 
of grain that hadn’t landed harmlessly on Arthur, dug into the cavern wall behind him 
with an explosion of consecutive crashes. Luckily, the spray hadn’t hit any of the 
spectators near it, because the area where Darvus’s spell had hit crumbled a layer of 
the cavern wall.
Everyone’s gaze shifted back and forth in shock between Arthur, who had received the 
brunt of the attack with no harm, and the wall where a small cloud of dust had formed 
from the sheer force of the small cluster of rocks. Everyone in the entire cavern was in 
a silent display of surprise and awe—everyone except for Darvus. My spoiled friend 
had a discontent grimace on his face as if he knew that something like that would 
happen.
Arthur, on the other hand, finally turned around to face his opponent as he casually 
dusted off his sleeve where Darvus’s spell had bounced off of him—not even his 
clothes damaged.
With another annoyed click of his tongue, Darvus leaped back as he dug his axes into 
the ground once more at another attempt to stone his opponent with sand. However, 
as Darvus swung his priceless weapons, Arthur raised a hand.
Suddenly, the trail of grains that were trailing behind my teammate’s blades all 
dropped before fully manifesting into a spell. Darvus’s eyes widened and I knew that 
somehow, his monster of an opponent had cancelled or stopped his spell from 
forming.
Darvus’s frustration was evident on his face as he bit down hard on his lower lip, his 
eyebrows furrowed into a scowl. However, as Darvus continued to try and conjure his 
spells, from here, it simply looked like he was flailing his axes at a ghost in front of him.
“Damn it!” Darvus finally howled, locking gazes with Arthur, whose lips curled up just 
a tad at the edges. My wild-haired friend finally stopped attempting to attack from afar 
and moved in. He closed the gap and swiped savagely at the bare-handed Arthur. As 
his glowing axes created streaks of mana behind them, his opponent easily parried 
them with the back of his hand.
Darvus struck again—simultaneously this time—hoping to catch his opponent off 
guard, but Arthur merely dipped the right axe that was aimed at his head, and pivoted 
and parried the left axe that was aimed at his torso.
My teammate, however, kept his composure as he mixed it up, feinting to his left before 
veering, his other axe rising to quick-strike to the right. Arthur dodged the attack 
beautifully, maintaining a steady balance as his body dipped and weaved into a 
rhythmic trance.
Darvus’s flurry of attacks, mixed with off-timed kicks and elbows, was relentless as 
the crowd—myself included—silently gawked at the spectacle of one attacked with 
monstrous speed and control while the other dodged or parried everything perfectly 
without damage even coming to his loose clothing.
My attention had been solely focused on the two of them for the entirety of the duel, 
so when Darvus suddenly dropped his axes and fell to his knee, I couldn’t make sense 
of it.
From here, it looked like my stubborn and prideful friend had simply given up, but by 
the wide-eyed, stupefied gaze he had toward his opponent, I knew it wasn’t that 
simple.
On his knees, Darvus raised his left shoulder—as if to swing his arm. However, his arm 
remained limp, dangling at his side. He then tried to get up. With his legs merely 
trembling, they gave out, causing Darvus to fall to his back.
The crowd murmured to one another as they exchanged raised brows and similar 
looks of confusement.
“W-What’s going on? Why can’t I m-move?” Darvus stammered as he remained 
sprawled on his back.
“You’ll be fine, boy,” a husky voice called out reassuringly. “Right, Arthur?”
The familiar tone that came from behind was filled with power, immediately causing 
Darvus to fall silent. The rest of us all whipped around at the source of the voice.
I let out a frightened gasp before immediately dropping to my knee.
Dresh's voice, laced with surprise and apprehension, rang from within the crowd. “We 
salute you, Commander Virion.”
As he said this, my gaze remained planted to the ground, not daring to look up until 
otherwise stated.
That was just the kind of figure he was to all of us.
I had read about Virion Eralith in textbooks and documentaries from during the time 
of the old war between humans and elves. He was king at the time, and from what I 
had read, an exceptional one. It was ultimately through his leadership and cunning 
that the human army, despite having an advantage in numbers, was forced to retreat 
in the end. It was no wonder why the Council, which comprised of the current kings 
and queens of their respective nations, turned to Commander Virion for guidance in 
this war.
I had the honor of meeting him once when I was first chosen to be placed in the same 
team as his granddaughter. At that time, I could only imagine her to be a spoiled, illmannered girl that wanted to chase after some lunatic fairytale. But I was wrong. She
was stronger, more mature, and more dedicated to the war than I would ever be. If this 
was the girl that was raised by her grandfather, I could only imagine what kind of beast 
Commander Virion would be.
As we all remained genuflecting, I kept my ears open as two pairs of footsteps 
approached.
“He’s right,” Arthur’s voice rang from behind. “You’ll be back to normal soon.”
From the brief moment I had, I couldn’t recognize the peculiar-looking man beside 
Commander Virion. Most of his face was covered underneath a woolen hood, but his 
clean-shaven face and was sharp, a pair of thin, pursed lips hiding any signs of 
emotions.
“Arthur! Tessia,” Commander Virion’s rough voice called out once more. “With me.”
Footfalls, from what I assumed to be Arthur, approached me from behind as even 
Tessia made her way towards her grandfather as well.
After a few moments, our expedition leader told us to rise, the Commander, his 
companion, Tessia and Arthur all gone.
“What was all that about?” I asked in a hushed voice to Caria.
My friend shook her head. “I have no idea. I’ve never seen Commander Virion out on 
the field, and even then, coming all this way just for one person?”
“Seriously,” I agreed. “Even the high-ranking leaders back at the Wall rarely get to 
communicate with Commander Virion directly.”
“Well, it makes sense since his granddaughter was here, right?” Caria inquired.
“I’m not so sure about that,” I murmured before remembering my injured friend. 
“Caria! Darvus!”
The two of us hurriedly made our way over to our teammate that was still lying on his 
back. Kneeling beside him, Caria lifted her childhood friend’s head and placed it in her 
lap. “Darvus, are you okay?”
“Y-Yeah,” he huffed. “I can move my fingers and toes now, at least. What happened? I 
thought I heard a familiar voice? Who was it?”
“It was Commander Virion!” I answered, rolling up Darvus’s sleeves to take a better 
look at his condition.
“What?!” he cried, attempting to get up before falling back into Caria’s lap with a groan.
“Stay still, idiot. You’re hurt!” Caria chided. “Anyway, you heard Commander Virion. He 
said you’ll be okay, and I don’t think Arthur hit you with the intent to cripple you.”
“Thanks.” Darvus rolled his eyes. “Because the one thing a guy wants to hear after 
getting his ass handed to him is that his opponent wasn’t even trying.”
I turned my attention back to his arm and noticed a strange welt near his wrist and 
the inside of his elbow. What was weirder was that I felt a trace of mana coming from 
the red bruises.
Without a word, I ripped open Darvus’s shirt, eliciting a shout of protest from my 
friend and a squeal from Caria. Just as I had expected, more red welts littered his body.
“Darvus, did you not feel that you were getting hit while you were attacking?” I asked.
“Must’ve been the blood rushing to my head. I didn’t feel a thing,” he answered. “Why? 
Is it that bad?”
“It’s not that.” I shook my head. “But the locations of all of these welts that you have 
are in very important places.”
“What do you mean?” Caria chimed in, taking a peek underneath her childhood 
friend’s shirt with flushed cheeks.
“I’ve read a few books on mana flow anatomy—you know, the theory behind the 
movement of mana inside a mage’s body—and one of them mentioned that there are 
known to be areas where clusters of mana channels coalesce. Naturally, these areas 
are naturally more protected when an augmenter strengthens his body, but if properly 
struck, it can inhibit the flow of mana to that particular region.”
“Oh! I studied that too! My trainer taught me about. But it couldn’t be that he was able 
to hit those, right? My trainer said it was impractical—almost impossible—to target 
them in battle because of how small and protected these points are,” Caria exclaimed.
“True,” I acknowledged, “and I read that these coalition points differ in each person. 
But, I can’t help but think these marks are related to that.”
“Well, it would explain the marks, but it doesn’t explain why Darvus suddenly fell 
down like a broken doll—”
“Hey!” Darvus glared from the ground.
“Excessive Mana Discharge,” I stated, my eyes glued to Darvus’s fading wounds.
“You mean backlash? Isn’t that when a mage uses too much of his mana?” Caria 
inquired. “I’ve seen Darvus use much more mana-heavy spells for longer periods than 
this.”
“Well, if Tessia’s childhood friend was able to hit all these coalition points, the mana 
leakage from these areas could potentially cause backlash. Of course this is only 
assuming that he was somehow able to locate these miniscule coalition points,” I 
clarified, wondering how in the hell Arthur had even managed to hit him without 
anyone—not even Darvus himself—realizing.
“How about we stop admiring the man who left me in this state and help me up?! I 
think I can walk with some help now,” Darvus interrupted, gingerly wiggling his legs.
As Caria and I helped our friend to his feet, we slowly made our way toward the tent 
that Commander Virion was in, along with Arthur and Tessia, hoping to be the first to 
hear any new updates.
However, as we neared the large white tent, Tessia stormed out with a discontent 
scowl etched onto her creamy face.
“Tessia! Over here!” Caria called out, but the princess ignored her. Moments later, 
Commander Virion and Arthur, along with the mysterious companion that the 
Commander arrived here with, came out of the tent.
The hooded man lifted an arm and a teleportation gate conjured out in the space in 
front of him. The soldiers that were lingering nearby, evidently bored with nothing to 
do, all jumped at the sudden manifestation of the gate.
“Are they leaving?” Darvus asked, his arms wrapped around our necks.
My eyes were fixated on the three figures as they approached the gate. Commander 
Virion was the first to go and behind him was the hooded figure. Before Arthur 
stepped in through the gate with his bond, he looked at us with a regretful—almost 
apologetic—expression. I couldn’t hear his voice from the distance, and I wasn’t even 
sure he had actually spoken aloud, but I clearly understood the words formed from 
his lips—‘take care of her until I return.’
He disappeared into the light as the teleportation gate closed behind him.
ARTHUR LEYWIN’S POV:
As I stepped into the large white tent, I was immediately pulled into a bearhug by 
Grampa Virion.
“Damn you, boy! Why didn’t you tell me you came back?” He loosened his grip on me, 
grasping me at arm’s length to get a better look.
“Nice to see you again, Gramps.” I turned to acknowledge the hooded asura. “Aldir.”
“Arthur. Lady Sylvie,” he greeted back. “Much has changed in both of you.”
“I certainly hope so,” I chuckled, Sylvie nodding slightly in response. “How did you 
know I had arrived here so quickly?” I turned back to Virion.
“Lord Aldir received a message from Lord Windsom,” Virion answered. “He said you 
were sent down here somewhere so I came right away.”
“To think you were sent where Tessia was stationed. Tell me, was this Wren’s doing?” 
Aldir chimed in, an amused tone in his voice.
I nodded, turning my gaze to my silent childhood friend. “Has his sense of humor 
always been so… droll?”
“Wren has always seen himself as whimsical despite his often indifferent attitude,” the 
asura acknowledged.
“I was so surprised to see him when we were expecting to battle a mutant,” Tessia 
voiced, shaking her head.
“Yeah. As soon as I had arrived, a horde of mana beasts attacked me and Sylv. We didn’t 
even have time to catch our breaths until after we had killed all of them,” I sighed, 
petting my bond.
“But what about the door? When we arrived at the scene, the mana beasts outside the 
room you were in had all died,” Tessia pressed. I knew she had been curious about a 
thousand things since my arrival, but I could tell by Aldir and Virion’s arrival that we 
were short on time.
“Not now, chil—Tessia,” Virion amended, placing a hand on his granddaughter’s 
shoulder. “There are things I must discuss with Arthur, and this isn’t the right place to 
do so.”
“We’re leaving?” Tessia responded, shifting glances between her grandfather and 
Aldir.
The asura shook his head. “Not you, Tessia. You are to stay here.”
“What? Arthur got here a few hours ago and you’re already taking him away?” Tessia 
replied, fear evident in her eyes.
“Tess,” I cut in. “Don’t worry. I’ll be right back after debriefing.”
“Besides, you have your team to look after. With this dungeon cleared, I’m sure 
everyone will soon depart from here. You have your own battles you are responsible 
for, right?” Virion added. “That is what we agreed upon when I allowed you to take 
part in this war.”
“Yes. ‘Work your way up from battles using your own strength,’,” Tessia quoted, letting 
out a defeated sigh.
I could practically see my childhood friend’s nonexistent tail droop in sorrow at this 
news, but I knew whatever Virion had to tell me was important.
“Then let’s head out immediately. Tessia, you’ve gotten stronger these past few
months. The battles you’ve been through are certainly molding you well enough,” Aldir 
noted, giving her an approving nod.
“Thank you, Master.” Tessia dipped her head, but her bitter expression didn’t change.
I was taken by surprise at the relationship between the two. I never expected the oneeyed asura to take Tessia under his wing, but I kept those thoughts to myself.
Tessia gave a quick bow to her grandfather and her master before heading out of the 
tent. As she lifted the tarp flap, she looked back at me with a gaze that held a myriad 
of emotions.
“I’ll see you soon,” I smiled as she left.
“Shall we depart?” Aldir confirmed.
With a nod from the two of us, we headed out of the tent as well.
Outside, before stepping into the teleportation gate that Aldir had conjured, I locked 
eyes with Tessia’s teammate, Stannard, and muttered for him to take care of Tessia for 
me.
I hadn’t meant for him to hear it, but Stannard seemed to understand as he nodded 
meaningfully.
It took us a few minutes after stepping through the gate to arrive at the floating castle 
that the Council had made their base, the reason being that the flying fortress 
constantly moved miles above the ground without a set pattern or destination.
After our distorted surroundings focused, I noticed we had arrived inside a small, 
cylindrical room with no windows and only one set of double iron doors.
‘How come you didn’t talk to Tess back there?’ I asked my bond as she scampered 
along next to me.
‘A lady needs to have a secret or two,’ Sylvie voiced coyly.
‘Oh, you’re a lady now?’ I shook my head. Somewhere along the last two years, my 
bond had gained the ability to talk freely, but for some reason, she chose not to speak 
unless it was with me.
‘I’ll surprise Tessia with it next time,’ she replied, giggling to herself.
Virion and Aldir both looked back, obviously curious as to what my bond and I were 
discussing mentally.
Talking wasn’t the only ability that Sylvie had gained throughout her training, but 
because of her young age, most of the time was spent fortifying her body so that her 
mana and aether abilities wouldn’t run amok.
Lord Indrath had personally taught her how to strengthen her body, which was unique 
to the dragon race of asuras. Apparently, almost all young asuras faced the danger of 
their body being unable to withstand their innate abilities.
“Well, since we’re all here, let’s go out,” Virion announced with a smile.
At the signal from the gateman, the large iron doors clicked and squealed with the lock 
mechanism going off. The groan of metal on gravel filled my ears as the thick metal 
exit opened from the center.
I had expected a guard or two to be on the other side of the doors, but instead, a rather 
large dark bear towered over me. It gazed down viciously, the two white markings 
above its eyes shaping its expression into something of a scowl. It stood about three 
meters high, its hind legs rooted to the ground and its chest exposed to reveal a tuft of 
white fur just below its neck. Despite its angry-looking eyes, its exposed teeth gave the 
impression of a smile, two rows of white daggers protruding jaggedly out of its mouth.
“Brother!” a melodious voice chirped.
For a split second, I thought it was the bear that had spoken, but Ellie, my little sister, 
appeared from behind the beast with goofy grin on her immature face.
While subtle, my sister had definitely changed over these past few years. Her ashbrown hair ran freely down her shoulders instead of in pigtails which she had sported 
when she was younger. While her dark round eyes still shined with innocence, her 
thoughtful gaze toward me contained a profound maturity.
“Ellie!” I picked my sister up into a hug as she wrapped her arms around my neck and 
swung around me.
“Arthur!” another pair of voices called out. It was my parents.
After putting her down, I turned to my parents. I stood still, tense. Feelings of doubt 
and remorse kept me from giving my parents a hug. I didn’t know how to greet them 
after how we last separated.
“Come here, Son!” My father ran up and encircled me, wrapping me tightly in his arms.
“I-I don’t understand,” I stammered, taken aback by their actions. “I thought—”
“Thought what?” my father interrupted. “That just because you have memories of 
whatever previous existence you had, you could stop being my son?”
I chuckled as my father let me go. My mother, who had remained a few feet away, 
anxiously approached. My mind flashed back to how she had so desperately tried to 
deny everything, and I lost what little confidence I had to greet my mother.
Each slow step she took toward me made the lump in my throat grow larger. I looked 
down as her foot was just inches away from mine. I couldn’t look her in the eye.
Suddenly, my mother clasped my hands tightly, bringing them close to her.
“Give me some time,” she whispered as drops of tears landed on our hands. “I’m trying. 
I really am. Just give me some time.”
As though a stone encasing shattered around my body, a wave of happiness and relief 
washed over me as I accepted her sincerity.
“Of course,” I nodded, unable to look at my mother for fear that I’d cry as well.
“Brother! Brother!” my sister chirped as she held Sylvie in her arms. “Say hi to my 
Boo!”
As my mother released me from her grasp, I cleared my throat and took another hard 
stare at the giant mana beast.
“Your B-Boo?” I repeated incredulously, looking at my sister and back at Virion and 
Aldir. I knew that the mana beast wasn't an enemy, but I hadn't realized he belonged 
to my family.
“Yup!” she nodded. “Boo, say hi to Brother!”
Boo and I locked gazes for a second until the mana beast smirked at me. Raising a giant 
paw, Boo swung down at me.
Raising an arm, I immediately willed mana into my body. At the force of Boo’s attack, 
the ground below my feet cracked.
I stared at my sister in shock with the bear’s paw still weighing down on my arm.
“I see that Boo has quite the temper.” I grabbed the beast’s wrist and pulled down, 
bringing him down to my eye level.
“Boo just wanted to see if you were as strong as I told him you were. He’s a bit 
competitive like that,” she shrugged as her bond struggled to free himself from my 
grasp. “Bad Boo!”
“Wait. Ellie, you can talk to this beast? Are you bonded to it?” I sputtered. The strength 
of this mana beast had surprised me, but the fact that it was able to converse mentally 
with my sister meant that Boo was quite a high-level beast.
“Lord Windsom didn’t mention this?” Virion asked from behind. “He gave this mana 
beast to your family as a gift before you guys departed to Epheotus.”
“No, he did not mention anything of the sort,” I shook my head, still in a daze at the 
turn of events. “So Windsom just handed this giant stuffed animal to my sister so what, 
she can ride it out to battle?”
Boo let out a disgruntled sniff at my words.
“Yes, I called you a teddy bear,” I retorted, still holding onto his paw.
“No, he was just a baby when Windsom gave him to us,” my mother smiled. “Though I 
have to say, Boo grew quite fast over these past two years.”
“I’ll say,” my father agreed, chuckling to himself.
“Well, I’m sure you would like to catch up with your family, Arthur, but let’s make it 
after our discussion,” Aldir voiced in a serious tone. “Your family is living here for the 
time being, as I thought it would be in your best interest.”
“Right. Thank you,” I nodded, turning back to my family. “I’ll talk to you guys soon, 
okay?”
I gave everyone, except for Boo, a hug, and followed Virion and Aldir down the narrow 
corridor to the meeting room.
Sylvie trotted close behind, taking another look back at Boo. ‘Do you want me to beat 
him up for you?’
‘I can take care of him myself,’ I smirked, reaching down to pet my bond.
As we arrived inside the guarded room, we sat around a large circular table. It was 
only the three of us inside the rather blandly decorated meeting area so there were 
quite a bit of empty chairs spaced throughout.
“Just us?” I looked around. “What about the kings and queens, and the lances? I 
thought I’d at least be seeing Directory Goodsky here.”
The asura, Aldir, pulled back the hood that had covered most of his face to reveal his 
purple eye that glowed in the center of his forehead. He first looked to Virion and 
nodded at him.
As Tess’s grandfather turned to me, I noticed just how tired and burdened he looked 
compared to how he was before the war. “Cynthia is currently in a state of self-induced 
slumber to cope with the effects of the curse she had activated by disclosing intel on 
the Alacryans.”
“It’s that bad?” I exclaimed. The report that Windsom had shown me did mention of 
the director’s condition, but never to the point of her being in a comatose state.
“Mhmm,” the elderly elf nodded solemnly. “I’ll show you where she’s resting later, but 
I’m sure there are quite a few other things you’re curious about.”
I nodded in reply as I went through all of the questions I had on my mind. For each 
question I bombarded the two leaders of this war with, they patiently answered back. 
I learned that, while my family was being held here for protection, the Helstea family 
had gone elsewhere. Vincent was using his resources in trade to assist the war efforts. 
It was a bit worrisome to think that they might become exposed to danger, but it 
seemed that the Helsteas mostly stayed in the background—never getting involved 
anywhere close to where the real battles were.
As for the former king and queen of Sapin, the two reported back to the castle every 
now and then, but they’d actually been spending most of their efforts in the Kingdom 
of Darv, hoping to gain the allegiance of the dwarves for this war, while Curtis and 
Kathlyn Glayder did what Tess had done—joined or made a team to get some 
experience in real battle for the actual war.
“Has my father or mother ever thought about fighting in the war as well?” I quizzed.
“Your father has,” Virion answered. “But, I told him to restrain himself until either you 
returned or until Eleanor is a bit older. He was insistent on helping out, but I made a 
strong case.”
“Thank you. I can't imagine if my father had died in the war while I wasn't even here,” 
I sighed.
As Virion continued explaining the status of the war and much about the strategies 
implemented to keep the citizens safe, I silently listened, staring idly at my bond who 
was listening to him as well.
“Is something the matter, my boy?” Virion queried. “You’ve been awfully quiet.”
“It’s nothing,” I smiled. “Although, I am a bit anxious to hear what you guys actually 
brought me all the way here for, seeing as you wanted to keep your own 
granddaughter in the dark about everything. And I know you didn’t just bring me here 
so that I could meet my family.”
“Yes. Well, Tessia is ambitious and has trained diligently in order to make a 
contribution in this war…” Virion’s voice trailed off.
“But, you still worry for her safety more than anything else,” I finished for him. “So that 
whole speech you apparently gave her on working her way up to the main battle was 
just a way to stall for time?”
Letting out a sigh, Virion nodded. “Can you blame me?”
I shook my head. “I would’ve done the same thing.” “How bad is this ‘main battle’ 
anyway?” I asked, shifting my gaze between the two figureheads of this war.
“As of now, the main fight is at the Wall, where a fortress had been built that spans 
across the Grand Mountains. Not a single mutant or Alacryan soldier has been able to 
leave the Beast Glades so far thanks to this defense line.” Despite the good news, Virion 
let out a deep breath.
“I’d like you to weigh in here just based on what we told you so far,” Aldir voiced in a 
tone that suggested he was testing me.
I thought for a moment. “Let me see if I have this right. From what you guys have dealt
with so far, it seems like the Alacryan Army’s plan is to somehow infect certain mana 
beast leaders so that they can control the beasts to lead their own hordes to fight for 
them. That, along with the Alacryan mages that have been using hidden teleportation 
gates set up by spies to bolster the size of their soldiers here on Dicathen adds up to 
be a pretty dangerous fighting force.”
“Agreed,” Aldir acknowledged.
“But it’s suspicious.” I studied Aldir and Virion’s faces. “I mean, I understand that the 
Beast Glades is the perfect territory for them to establish, especially if they have a few 
S class or SS class mana beasts under their control, but it seems too straightforward. 
If none of them were able to get through this defense, it either means that our side is 
that much stronger, or that they’re stalling for time. And by the look on your face, 
Virion, I’d say it’s the latter.”
“Evidence that has come to light not too long ago has confirmed our suspicions,” Virion 
agreed, a sympathetic tone in his voice. “Now, Arthur. I can’t have you blaming yourself 
for what I’m about to tell you.”
“What is it?” I raised my brow.
Aldir pulled out something from underneath the table and slid it over to me.
They were pictures of an abandoned ship. By the structure and frame of it, I was 
certain I had seen something like this before.
“It’s not the Dicatheous, if that’s what you’re wondering,” Aldir explained. “After seeing 
this, the artificer, Gideon, finally admitted where he got the ingenious idea of the socalled ‘steam engine’ he was so proud of.”
I looked over the pictures one more time, trying to convince myself from accepting 
what my brain had already figured out.
“That was a ship built by the Alacryans using your designs,” Virion revealed, his voice 
grim.
Before I had the chance to respond, the dark wooden door to the meeting room 
suddenly flew open as an armored soldier desperately stumbled into the room.
“Commander, Lord,” the soldier greeted hurriedly, still trying to catch his breath.
“What is it?” Virion asked impatiently.
“Th-They’ve been sighted, Commander. Approaching the western coast.” The soldier’s 
voice quivered in restrained fear. “The sh-ships.”
I bolted up from my seat at the soldier’s news. “Where exactly did you see them?”
“J-Just a few miles south of Etistin… Sir,” he replied, hesitant on what to call me because 
of my age.
I rushed past the guard and headed out the door. “Come on, Sylv.”
“Wait! Arthur, what are you thinking?” Virion called from behind, his voice laced with 
concern.
“I want to see exactly what sort of mess I made,” I responded without turning back.
Sylvie and I sped toward the teleportation gate room, dodging past several surprised 
workers and guards.
Upon reaching the familiar double iron doors we had come through, we saw two 
guards that weren’t there before guarding either side of the doors.
“Please open the doors,” I requested, impatience evident in my voice.
The male guard, clad in heavy armor with a longsword strapped to his back and two 
smaller blades bound to both sides of his waist stepped forward with a stern 
expression. “All entries and exits are to be approved of by either Commander Virion 
or Lord Aldir. We haven’t heard of your departure from either of them so no can do, 
kid.”
“Look, I just came back to this castle with Virion and Aldir. They know I’m heading out, 
so I insist that you let me through,” I argued.
“Commander Virion and Lord Aldir,” the guard reiterated. “No matter how lofty you 
think you royal kids are, learn some respect for your elders.”
The female conjurer that looked to be middle-aged, dressed in a lavish robe and a hood 
that covered her hair, quickly intervened, hoping to quell the situation. She spoke in a 
gentle voice as if she was talking to a child. “It’s dangerous for you to go out alone in 
these times. Maybe if you have a guardian you—”
She stopped in her tracks as she choked on her last words. Both the guards crumbled 
to their knees as they clawed at their throats desperately. They gasped for air like fish 
out of water as I took another step forward, looking down at them with an innocent 
smile. “It’d be wise of you not to patronize me.”
I withdrew the pressure I had released to make my point and helped them to their 
feet. “Let’s try this again.”
The two of them scrambled toward the door and released the lock. The heavy doors 
groaned against the gravel floor as I rushed through and made my way toward the 
center of the room.
“Sir. Set the gate to Etistin, please,” I requested, letting out a sigh. I felt a bit guilty for 
being so harsh toward people just doing their jobs, but my mood wasn’t exactly stellar 
either.
The elderly gateman exchanged hesitant glances with the disheveled guards but 
otherwise relented. As the glowing portal buzzed and hissed, the view of Etistin came 
into focus.
Without a word, Sylvie and I stepped through the gate once more, my heart thumping 
heavily the closer I got to my destination.
Arriving at an unfamiliar room filled with guards on the other side, I stepped down 
from the elevated stage that held the gate, Sylvie just a few steps behind.
“Who let a child through the secured gates?” the barrel-chested leader barked at the 
hunched gateman.
“He’s from the Castle, Sir,” he responded meekly, staring at me curiously.
It was troublesome that everyone thought of me as just a child even though I was well 
into my teens. I was taller than many of the guards present, but my unruly long hair 
and adolescent appearance seemed to keep any of the soldiers from taking me 
seriously.
Without the patience to explain my situation, I made my way toward the exit, walking 
past the large leader.
“Kid! What’s your business here? Don’t you know the state this city is in?” The armorclad soldier that stood at least a head above me gripped my arm tightly, jerking me 
back.
“Commander Virion sends me here. Now, please open the doors before I make my 
own,” I warned.
The leader scoffed, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, sure. Commander Virion sent the likes of 
some thin pretty-boy here. I bet you’re just a runaway noble brat that had a tantrum. 
Lest, Scraum, take the boy back through the gates! I don’t need more civilians to be 
taken care of here!”
Letting out a sigh, I willed mana, allowing it to surge out of my body as I had done back 
at the castle.
Many of the soldiers present were augmenters, so they knew exactly what was 
happening as everyone helplessly fell to the ground. The very air in the room froze as 
the soldiers stared wide-eyed in shock at one another. The gateman, being an ordinary 
civilian, couldn’t handle the pressure and had been knocked unconscious.
“Sylv. Let’s get out of here.”
‘But the door—’
I glanced around the room to see some of the more capable mages already calling for 
backup.
“I’ll make one,” I replied curtly, not wanting to create an even bigger scene.
‘Sounds good.’
The white fox-like body of my bond began glowing until she was fully enveloped in a 
shroud of golden light. With a thunderous burst of mana radiating out of her body, 
Sylvie’s form changed into that of a pitch-black dragon. Over the past few years, her 
form had become much more distinguished and mature. Small details like the shape 
of her horns and her scales, which now looked like thousands of small polished 
gemstones, all made Sylvie appear fearsome yet ethereal.
The soldiers that were still conscious let out stifled cries at the turn of events, but I 
didn’t waste any time enjoying their distress.
Lifting my hand, I coalesced the rampant mana gathered at my palm.
[Lightning Surge]
A barrage of blue lightning bombarded the ceiling above us, shaking the entire room. 
I jumped on top of Sylvie as she beat her wings to lift us up.
As we shot through the hole I had created, the gasps and screams from the civilians 
and soldiers below us soon softened the higher we reached into the sky.
The crisp winter air whisked past my cheeks as we ascended above the clouds until 
we could see the setting sun turn orange against the horizon. The beauty of Dicathen 
was in full view, laid out like a canvas below. I took a brief moment to relish the 
peaceful sight, from the snowcapped mountains and grassy plains to the sparkling 
ocean and lush forest, before directing Sylvie toward the south.
‘Let’s make it there before nightfall,’ I advised, leaning forward on Sylvie’s large back.
‘Roger,’ she chimed back, her voice still chirpy despite her intimidating appearance.
The land sped past us in a colorful blur as if the very background was being pulled out 
from underneath. I thickened the layer of mana around me to protect my clothes 
against the sharp winds.
As we headed south, the sight of cities soon became visible the closer we headed 
toward the coastline.
‘Let’s get lower, Sylv,’ I transmitted, hunching my shoulders.
My bond tucked in her massive wings as she fell into a steep dive toward the cliffs just 
above Trelmore City. We barreled through the clouds that obscured our vision, 
shooting down like a black meteor. As we descended, the glittering sea soon came into 
view, and along with it, the direct effect of my thoughtless blunder.
I cursed aloud at the nightmarish sight ahead, my words getting lost in the wind. As 
we landed on a vast, snow-covered precipice at the edge of the forest overlooking 
Trelmore City and the ocean, I jumped off my bond, cursing once more, this time, my 
voice echoing around us as if mocking me.
I could only stare in silence at scene.
Hundreds of ships approaching from the glowing horizon, not more than a few dozen 
miles away from shore, making their forces stationed in the Beast Glades seem like 
nothing more than a speck.
Virion’s last piece of advice popped into my head at that moment. He told me not to 
blame myself, but it was all that I could do at this moment.
This being my second life, I had insight and knowledge that people of this world didn’t 
have. Despite this knowledge and my wisdom, I didn’t think about the consequences 
that would arise from a seemingly harmless act that would benefit those around me.
Memories of the day I had given Gideon the blueprints for the steam engine became 
all too clear and agonizing. Because of my advice, a ship that could be built to traverse 
the ocean had ended up in the wrong hands. I couldn’t help but ask myself if the Vritra 
Clan getting their hands on this technology was what expedited the war that they had 
been evidently preparing.
“This doesn’t look too good,” Sylvie muttered as she gazed at the ominous view ahead.
“No, it doesn’t. And it’s my fault,” I sighed, a mix of dread and guilt churning inside the 
pit of my stomach.
I stared ahead, lost in a daze as millions of thoughts ran through my head. I had shed 
tears, sweat, and blood these past two years so that I could protect this land and the 
people in it and to stop the Vritra from taking over this entire world. But it wasn’t that 
simple anymore.
Hopping back onto my bond, I gently patted her neck.
“Let’s go back, Sylv. We’ve got a war to win,” I said through clenched teeth.
I wasn’t some righteous hero out to save the world. Hell, I couldn’t even call myself a 
good samaritan hoping to do his best to fight for his people.
No. It was my fault that this war had progressed to this state. It was my fault that this 
fleet of ships was almost upon us, and it would be my fault when those ships arrive 
and cause havoc on this land.
If I had a reason to fight, it would not be just to protect the few I held dear.
It would be to right my wrong.
CYNTHIA GOODSKY’S POV:
I was in a room or area—some space covered in complete darkness with only a single 
beam of light shining down at me.
“It is imperative that you give us as much information as possible,” a deep voice spoke 
from the shadows.
I felt my lips moving and my tongue forming words, but my voice would not come out. 
Instead, a sharp ring pierced into my brain.
“Your knowledge can win us this war, Director,” another voice, this one thin and 
hoarse, muttered from out of view. “Think of the millions of lives you can help save by 
cooperating.”
I agreed. I wanted to speak, but no audible sound could be produced. I fell to my knees 
as the ringing soon became unbearable, but the voices hidden in the shadows 
continued to pester me.
They wanted answers regardless of cost. They were desperate, but so was I.
“It’s okay for you to die from the after-effects of the curse. As long as we get the 
answers we need, your job is done,” a particularly melodic voice cooed.
‘I thought that the curse had been lifted by Lord Aldir,’ I wanted to protest, even though 
I knew that, deep down, my life had always been in danger. However, my voice 
betrayed me, and the torturous sound overtook my senses. My vision turned white as 
the pain began lessening.
I thought to myself that if this was what death felt like, I would welcome it 
wholeheartedly. I closed my eyes, yet my vision was still completely covered in a slate 
of white.
I began to wonder what would happen next when a darkened figure soon approached 
me. Even as the figure got closer and closer, its features could not be distinguished. My 
only comfort lied in the fact that its outline seemed human.
As the featureless figure arrived in front of me, it bent down and extended a hand to 
help me up.
Truthfully, I was reluctant—even in whatever stage of death I was currently in.
However, curiosity bested my mistrust as I held out my hand, waiting for him to take 
it.
As our hands touched, the veil of shadow that had shrouded my mysterious helper 
disappeared.
I squeezed harder, realizing that the one I had locked hands with was Virion.
His hand was so warm. I wanted to reach out and embrace him, but my body wouldn’t 
listen. Instead, I remained on the ground with his hand on top of mine. He held my 
hand so gently, like a newborn chick, as if my fingers would crumble at the slightest 
pressure.
I wanted to grab ahold of him with my other hand, but again, I could not move.
“I never apologized to you…” he began, muttering softly about how he hadn’t stopped 
me, even when he realized what could happen to me. Virion’s voice, normally so bright 
and confident, cracked and wavered as he spoke.
I pried my gaze off of Virion’s hand and looked up at my old friend. His face was blurry, 
and I couldn’t make out where his eyes were focusing on, but for some reason, I could 
see the tears in his eyes so clearly.
Suddenly, Virion released his grip, and he was again shrouded in darkness. As he 
walked away, I shouted at him to come back, but my voice didn’t come out.
The featureless shadow that Virion had reverted into stopped momentarily and spoke 
again. It was hard to hear, and I couldn’t make out some of the words, but I was 
comforted by them nonetheless. I no longer tried to shout at him to come back and 
accepted his departure.
As his figure disappeared into the white abyss, the scene shifted to a memory that I 
had always taken comfort in came to life.
It was just after the end of the war between humans and elves. Both sides had 
tremendous losses and had agreed upon a treaty.
Virion, much younger at the time, was walking alongside me. The scene was exactly 
how I had remembered it, down to the field of wilted tulips that spread to our left.
As we walked down the paved path, my body moved on its own, but I didn’t mind.
“What do you plan on doing now that the war is over?” Virion asked, his gaze fixated 
ahead.
After the war was over, I had planned on quietly observing the state of the continent—
that had been my duty after all. But since I couldn’t exactly tell the king of the elves 
that, I just shrugged mysteriously and hoped my charms would change the subject.
“I’ve known you for a few years now. Some of those years, we were enemies and some 
we weren’t, but out of these years, I kept thinking to myself one thing.” He held out a 
finger to emphasize his point.
“Oh?” My voice came out on its own. “And what was that? Your undying love for me?”
“Sorry, but no,” he chuckled. “Did you forget I’m married?”
“That hasn’t stopped any of the human nobles yet,” my shoulders shrugged to feign 
innocence.
“We elves are loyal,” he replied, shaking his head. “But I digress. What I thought was 
that you’d make a great mentor and inspiration. Hell, I could see you as some head of 
a prestigious academy, leading the upcoming youth to a greater future.”
“Well that came out of nowhere,” I responded, genuinely surprised. “What made you 
come to that conclusion?”
“A lot of things,” he winked. “But seriously, you should think about starting off as a 
teacher. I know you’ll grow to love it.”
“Maybe I’ll just open up an academy of my own.” My lips curled upward into a smirk. 
“I’ve taken a liking to Xyrus City.”
“An academy for mages atop a floating city,” he pondered. “I like it!”
My body stopped and I watched Virion as he continued walking. “Then what say we 
open the school together?”
Looking back over his shoulder, he stifled a laugh. “Yeah, and we can call it the Goodsky 
and Eralith School of Mages.”
I could feel my face flush from embarrassment.
“No, but maybe I’ll send my kids or perhaps my grandkids when they turn of age. That 
is, if your school is good enough for them,” he winked before turning back.
“I’m really going to make one, you know,” I huffed. “Just wait and see. Xyrus Academy 
will become the greatest institution for mages.”
“Xyrus Academy? In Xyrus City?” Virion tilted his head. “Not very original…”
“Well I can’t call it the Goodsky and Eralith School of Mages, now can I?” I retorted, 
puffing out my cheeks. “And you’ll be darn lucky if I let any of your descendants 
attend.”
“Ouch,” he chuckled. “Well, here’s hoping for the success of Xyrus Academy.” Virion 
raised an imaginary glass in his hand to a toast.
Seeing his joking expression, I kicked him in the shin, making him laugh aloud even 
more.
I remembered clearly wishing right then and there that this moment would never end. 
I also remembered the clear feelings of regret that I had not met this man sooner. 
Maybe if we had met earlier, my loyalty to my continent and to the Vritra could’ve 
wavered.
No. By this time, my heart had already wavered.
“I’m the one with the injured leg here,” Virion called out from ahead. “Hurry up.”
I stepped forward, hoping to catch up when a piercing pain bore a hole in my chest. 
The flower-filled scenery turned a shade of red. I looked down, finally having control 
over my body, only to see a black spike sticking out of me with my heart at the tip.
“Hurry up,” Virion called out again, this time from afar.
I reached out to him and called for him but I remained anchored by the pitch black 
spear jutting out of my chest.
As if the spear was reeling me back, the once pleasant scene I was reliving got sucked 
away from me. As my world faded into darkness, the sight of Virion walking away was 
the last thing I saw before a bone-chilling grip enveloped me. As I sunk deeper into the 
depths of the abyss pulling me in, I could’ve sworn I heard a childish voice apologize 
to me.
VIRION ERALITH’S POV:
A bloodcurdling scream jolted me awake. I didn’t know when I had fallen asleep, but 
my body immediately got up from my desk chair. Heading out of my study, I narrowly 
avoided a guard rushing in the direction of the shriek.
“C-Commander Virion,” he saluted, skidding to a stop.
“What is going on?” I looked around, watching the other guards all heading in one 
direction.
“I’m not sure, Commander. The scream seemed to have come from just a floor beneath.”
“There shouldn’t be anyone—Anna!” I gasped. The only occupied room just 
immediately below this level was Cynthia’s room, with Anna taking care of her.
The guard’s eyes widened as he turned and headed down. Immediately following 
behind, I pushed aside the horde of armored guards. Arthur’s family was just outside 
the door, but they were all staring inside. Everyone was staring inside.
Lifting my gaze, my eyes stopped at the scene just a few feet ahead.
“N-No,” I let out as I hobbled closer, unable to believe my eyes.
“H-How? Who?” I stammered, but Anna was just as shocked as she shook her head.
My head spun as the clutter of noise and murmurs around me became muffled. I took 
another step but my legs gave out underneath me and I stumbled against the bed
Cynthia Goodsky lay peacefully in bed, her arms by her side and a thin white sheet 
over her body. And out of her chest was a pitch-black spike jutting out, covered in 
blood. Covered in her blood.
An indiscernible howl ripped out of my throat as I sunk to my knees, clutching tightly 
at my old friend’s cold, lifeless hand.



GREY
“You’re clear, Nico. Hurry!” I whispered, looking over my shoulder in case someone 
passed by. Two adolescent boys huddled up in front of a house door could only spell 
trouble.
“Just stay on guard, Grey. I’ve almost got it,” my dark-haired companion hissed back as 
he worked on the doorknob.
I watched doubtfully as Nico fumbled with the hairpins he had stolen from one of the 
older girls. “Are you sure you can open it?”
“Picking locks,” he said through gritted teeth, “is a lot harder than that guy in the 
alleyway made it seem.”
Suddenly, the doorknob clicked and both our eyes brightened. “You did it!” I exclaimed 
in a loud whisper.
“Bow down to my powers!” Nico held a colorful hairpin high in the hair.
I smacked him on the shoulder and pressed my finger to my lips. Nico shoved the 
hairpins back in his zippered pocket and nodded at me, then we tiptoed in through 
the wooden door.
“You made sure the owners are out today, right?” I asked again, scanning the 
meticulously furnished house.
“I scanned this house last week. Both the husband and wife go out every week at this 
time and don’t come back for at least an hour. We have plenty of time to grab a few 
things and go,” Nico answered, already looking for anything of value that we could 
stuff into a bag.
Letting out a deep breath, I reasoned to myself that it was necessary. Stealing from 
someone—however rich they were—didn’t sit right with me, but I had overheard the 
conversation between the orphanage’s headmaster and those government people. I’d 
only caught a few comments, but it seemed our orphanage was in danger because we 
didn’t have enough money.
“This should be enough,” Nico said with a nod, looking at the contents of the backpack 
we had brought.
Peering over his shoulder, I asked, “Now what? How are we going to get money for 
this? We can’t exactly just give Headmaster Wilbeck all this jewelry.”
“Way ahead of you,” he smirked. “I found a guy willing to pay cash for anything he finds 
interesting.”
“And this ‘guy’ is okay buying off two twelve-year-olds?”
“He doesn’t ask questions, I don’t ask questions. Simple as that,” Nico shrugged as we 
headed out the door.
Taking the back route toward the far end of the city, we blended in with the crowd of 
people walking along the cracked sidewalk. Keeping our heads low and paces brisk, 
we veered left into an alleyway. Weaving through the piles of trash and stacked boxes 
of who knew what, we stopped in front of a faded red door, protected behind another 
gated metal door.
“We’re here,” Nico said, motioning for the bag. I slipped it off my shoulders and handed 
it to him, and my friend knocked on the door in an unfamiliar rhythm.
Slicking back his black hair and puffing his chest out, he coughed a few times and 
narrowed his eyes to appear more intimidating—as intimidating as any scrawny 
twelve-year-old can be, anyway.
After a few seconds, a rangy old man in a worn suit opened the red door. He stared 
down at us from behind the metal gate with a scrutinizing eye.
“Ah, the rather persistent child. I see you brought a friend,” he said, but made no move 
to open the gate.
Nico coughed again and deepened his voice. “I’ve brought some items you might be 
interested in.” My friend’s unusually deep tone didn’t sound fake, surprisingly. He 
opened the drawstring bag in his hands to give the lanky, narrow-eyed man a peek at 
some of the jewelry we had just stolen.
Raising a brow, the man unhinged the lock on the gate, and it gave a shrill creak as he 
opened it slightly. He scanned the area around us, then bent down to examine the bag. 
“Not a bad collection. Did you steal this from your mother, perhaps?”
“No questions, remember?” Nico reminded, tightening the string to close the bag. 
“Now can we come in and discuss prices?”
The thin man looked around once more with suspicion in his eyes, but after a moment 
he let us in. “Close the door behind you.”
As we entered the dainty shop, a thick layer of smoke greeted us. From the other side 
of the room, two men, each with a cigarette between their fingers, were puffing out 
clouds of smoke. While the dense cloud of grey covered much of their facial features, I 
could at least distinguish their general shapes. One of the men was burly—muscles 
clearly displayed underneath his tank top. The other man was much rounder, but with 
thick, firm limbs that showed he wasn’t any weaker than the first man.
“Come, children. Let’s get this over with,” the thin man said as he scratched his 
unshaven cheeks.
Nico and I exchanged glances, then he went up to the counter. I hung back, looking 
around at the various books and gadgets displayed on the shelves. My gaze fell on a 
thin, tattered book. From the few words I could make out from the spine of the book, 
it seemed to be an old instruction manual on ki. Gingerly removing it from the shelf, I 
saw that half of the front cover had been ripped off.
My first instinct was to put it back; after all, the orphanage had books in much better 
condition on core development for ki use. However, my fingers seemed to move on 
their own as they flipped through the pages. Inside it were pictures and diagrams of a 
person in different poses with arrows and other lines around the figure. I wanted to 
take it with me, and was half tempted to ask for the price, but I held myself back. This 
book was a luxury when we needed the money to save our home.
I continued trying to make out the vague instructions, but soon lost interest. My eyes 
kept returning to the two men playing cards on the folding table, who kept taking 
glances at Nico as he and the shop owner did business. I buried my face in the old 
book, taking a peek from behind the pages. I wasn’t sure what they were up to, but I 
didn’t want to stay long enough to find out.
Fortunately, Nico soon finished his transaction and approached me, flashing a quick 
smile before putting his stoic face back on.
“Did you find something interesting?” he asked, eyeing the book in my hand.
“It’s nothing,” I said, putting the thin, coverless book back on the shelf.
“You can take it if you want,” the rangy store owner said, leaning his elbow on the front 
counter. “No one knows how to read it and it’s just been collecting dust here.”
“Really?” I asked, my suspicion showing on my face.
He revealed abnormally white teeth in something akin to a smile as he nodded.
Without another word, I quickly tucked the book in the bag and murmured a thanks 
to him. Nico and I left the store, and my friend unzipped his jacket and showed me the 
wad of crinkled cash.
“See, I told you it’d all work out,” he beamed.
“I guess so,” I replied, still skeptical about this whole endeavor. I felt bad for the couple 
we had stolen from, but comforted myself in the fact that we didn’t take much of their 
jewelry. Nico had explained that, while taking a few items might make them 
suspicious, they’d be hesitant to call the authorities and report the theft. After all, the 
couple were both well past retirement age, so the cops would most likely assume that 
they had just forgotten or misplaced the items.
I sighed with relief as we began heading back to the orphanage. The further away we 
got from the scene of the crime, the better I felt.
“What did I even come along for, Nico?” I asked, dodging people as we walked down 
the street. “Feels like you did this all on your own.”
“Hey, you got a free book out of it, right?” Nico nudged me with his shoulder. “Besides, 
it’s more fun—”
“We’re being followed,” I whispered, cutting him off. I kept my eyes straight ahead. I 
had felt two pairs of eyes practically boring a hole in my back almost as soon as we’d 
left the shop, but I hadn’t wanted to assume. But I’d caught a glimpse of one of the 
guys, and I instantly recognized him as one of the smokers from the shop. They were 
still behind us after two turns, and I no longer had any doubt.
“This way,” Nico ordered in a hushed tone.
As we reached the outskirts of the city, we took a right into an alleyway, hopping on 
top of a trashcan to reach the other side of the locked fence.
I landed nimbly on my feet, and Nico clawed at the fence to keep from losing his 
balance as he tumbled over. We raced down the old alley, which smelled like a mixture 
of rat turds and rotten eggs, and was darkened by the tall buildings on either side of 
us. Hiding behind a particularly large pile of trash, we waited.
Soon we heard two pairs of footsteps, growing louder as they approached.
“Little rats made it easy for us,” a hoarse voice snickered.
“A fitting grave for them,” came the gravelly reply.
Nico darted his head out to take a peek. “It’s the men from the shop.” He cursed as he 
quickly hid behind the trash again.
“I know.” I was already scanning for anything I could use as a weapon.
“They’re either here to get the shop owner’s money back, or they’re going to steal it 
for themselves.” Nico clutched the money in his jacket tightly.
Suddenly, a dark figure leaped up from the other side of the pile of trash we were 
hiding behind, casting a giant shadow over us.
“Surprise!” the barrel-chested thug exclaimed with a sinister grin.
“Run!” I screamed at Nico, giving him a shove.
He wasted no breath on a retort as he rushed down the narrow alleyway.
The muscular man swung his beefy hand, and I stepped back out of reach. A gust of 
air from the force of his swing tickled my nose as I swung the broken plank I had 
plucked from the ground toward his ribs.
The burly man buckled, more from surprise than pain. I took the opportunity to bolt 
toward Nico, who was being chased by the burly thug’s round companion. But before 
I could get there, the man smacked Nico to the ground, knocking the wind out of my 
friend.
Nico gasped for breath, and the pumpkin-bodied goon raised his leg over my friend’s 
body.
“Over here, pig!” I roared, hoping the provocation would make him turn.
“What did you say?” the thug snarled, turning around to face me.
I bolted past the heavy thug just as he lurched toward me, his fat fingers clawing in 
the air. He might have caught me, but his muscular companion careened into him an 
instant later, and I heard both men grunt from behind me. My mind whirled, thinking 
of possible ways to get out of this hopeless-seeming situation, and my eyes darted left 
and right. Then I spotted a long, bent nail protruding from the brick wall of a nearby 
building, about three yards off the ground.
Cursing under my breath, I feinted to my right just as the musclehead behind me 
grabbed at me. Sidestepping without even glancing back, I leaped up, hoping to reach 
the nail.
As my body launched upward, everything around me seemed to fall silent. It felt like 
the world had slowed, and I could hear my heart thumping erratically, as if every other 
noise had been tuned out.
Behind me, I could sense the grasping hands ready to drag me to the ground, but I was 
surprisingly calm. My peripheral vision all came into focus, as if I were able to see 
everything around me all at once. The muscled thug had tripped and was crashing to 
the ground just behind me. Wedging a toe into a deep crack in one of the lower bricks 
for leverage, I sprang upward, reaching for the rusted nail. The iron nail felt rough and 
cold as I snagged it between my index and middle finger. I had it. It wasn’t much of a 
weapon, but it was something. As I pulled the nail free of the crumbling brick, I pushed 
off the wall with my feet to accelerate towards the hefty thug, who had only narrowly 
avoided tripping over his partner and was moments from catching me. I watched the 
man’s expression change from surprise to grim concentration. His right shoulder 
twitched, and I realized clearly that he was about to intercept my attack somehow.
I used my free hand to vault off of his right arm as it arced toward me. In that same 
instant, I jabbed the nail in my hand directly into his eye. I felt the sensation of iron 
passing through soft tissue, watching as his face shifted from concentration to 
surprise, and then to agony.
At his shrill howl, the world resumed its normal pace. I tumbled gracelessly into a pile 
of old boxes as my opponent frantically clawed at his face, too afraid to go near the 
nail in his left eye.
“Come on,” I urged, pulling a stunned Nico back to his feet. I looked back once more 
and saw the muscular thug rushing to his friend’s aid. We ducked out of the alleyway 
and bolted, running for our lives.
Out of breath and sweating from every pore in my body, I collapsed next to Nico behind 
a convenience store just outside the city.
We leaned against the wall, too tired to care about how many drunks and homeless 
people had vomited and peed here. Nico ripped off his jacket and lifted up his shirt to 
cool himself off.
“That is what you came here for,” he panted, smacking my thigh. “Oh man, you 
should’ve seen yourself, Grey! You flew around like those kings fighting in duels!”
I shook my head, still trying to catch my breath. “I don’t know what I did. Everything 
just started moving really slow.”
“I knew you had it in you. Remember that time Pavia dropped all those dishes next to 
you?”
“Yeah, why?”
“You caught them. You caught three plates and two bowls, Grey!” Nico exclaimed. “And 
you hadn’t even been paying attention.”
“I admit, that was an impressive catch, but it has nothing to do with fighting,” I argued, 
sagging further down against the wall.
“You’ll realize soon,” he replied, seeming too tired to argue. “Now let’s go, I don’t want 
to get extra chores for being out past sundown.”
xxx
We arrived at the old two-story house that served as the orphanage just a bit before 
dinner—plenty of time to wash up and be on time so we wouldn’t look suspicious. 
Nico slowly opened the back door, wincing at the creaking of the old hinge. Keeping 
the lights off, we tiptoed down the unlit hallway, but just before we reached our rooms, 
the clear voice of the orphanage's headmaster called out from the living room.
“Grey, Nico. Can you come here for a moment?” she said in a quiet yet frighteningly 
stern voice.
Nico and I traded glances, fear evident on both of our faces. Nico quickly threw his 
jacket and the drawstring bag into his room and closed the door.
“Do you think she already found out?” I whispered.
“I’d normally say it’d be impossible, but it’s the Sorceress we’re talking about,” Nico 
replied, his normally confident demeanor shadowed by dread.
We arrived in the brightly-lit living room, our clothes and faces dirty and our hair 
disheveled.
Sitting on the couch, her posture perfectly erect, was our Headmaster Wilbeck, the 
elderly woman we all called the Sorceress. Standing next to her was a girl about our 
age with dusty brown hair that fell over her shoulders and a creamy complexion. She 
wore a luxurious red dress that not even the money we had just acquired could have 
purchased.
The headmaster regarded us with a raised brow but didn’t question our untidy state. 
We approached cautiously, and when the brown-haired girl lifted her gaze to meet 
mine, I shivered at her cold, emotionless eyes.
“Grey. Nico.” The headmaster nudged the girl softly. “I’d like you two to meet Cecilia. 
You three are the same age, so I hope you can show her around and become friends.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
My eyes opened as if I had just blinked, yet it felt like I had been sleeping for days. I sat 
up in my bed, a mixture of feelings weighing on my shoulders.
Why was this memory coming to me again after so long? My insides twisted in guilt at 
the thought of Nico and Cecilia.
‘Is everything all right?’ Sylvie asked from the foot of my bed, where she was curled up 
in her miniature form.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I lied, running my fingers through my hair. It was long and messy now, 
past my chin.
The dream had been so vivid. It had felt like I was back on Earth, reliving my previous 
life.
I lay there, dazed and unable to get out of bed, until someone knocked at my door.
“Come in,” I answered, expecting it to be either my parents or my sister. Instead, the 
man who entered appeared to be in his late twenties, dressed in black clothes 
underneath the thin leather armor used by scouts. He dipped his head in a respectful 
bow before relaying his message.
“Sir, the location for the meeting with the Alacryan messenger has been decided. 
Commander Virion has asked me to request that you to prepare to meet with the 
messenger with him and Lord Aldir.”
“Got it. I’ll be out in ten minutes,” I replied, swinging my legs over the edge of the bed.
“Shall I send over a maid to help you get ready?” he asked.
I shook my head. “No need.”
“Very well.” The man left after another bow, closing the door behind him.
I quickly washed up and tied my hair back at the crown of my head, leaving my bangs 
to fall just past my forehead. I dressed in a fine white tunic trimmed with gold to 
complement the dark mantle I wore over it. Properly clothed, with my hair pulled back 
neatly, I looked like a very dashing noble. My dream was still fresh in my mind, and it 
had brought with it a flood of memories from that life. Even the clothes were so very 
different. The pants in this world were incredibly tight, by comparison—but I had to 
admit, they offered great mobility and freedom when fighting.
“A dapper appearance for one about to fight in a war,” Virion remarked as I approached 
him and Aldir.
“Thanks.” I winked, smoothing my sleeve. Aldir’s clothing practically glowed with all 
the gold and gems decorating it, but Virion wore a simple black robe, as he was still in 
mourning after Director Cynthia’s murder.
It had only been a few days, but Virion appeared to have aged a century.
By the signature black metal spike that had been found jutting out of Cynthia’s chest, 
it was obvious that the assassination had been carried out by one who possessed the 
powers of the Vritra Clan. It was unlikely that an actual clan member had performed 
the attack—that would have jeopardized the no-asura agreement in the war—but that 
didn’t mean one of their descendants couldn’t have done it.
The question that ate at my mind—and Virion’s—was how they had done it. According 
to the guards and the nurse caring for her, nobody had seen anyone leave or enter the 
floor Director Goodsky had been housed on. The door, which had been closed and 
locked, hadn’t been tampered with either. Everything remained a mystery except one 
fact: that somehow, the Vritra Clan was involved.
“The ships are about a day away from our shore, Arthur. Are you ready to meet this 
representative?” Virion asked.
“I am. But are you ready?” I responded, genuinely concerned. “You’re not going to kill 
the messenger, right?”
With a faint smile, Tessia’s grandfather shook his head.
Aldir stepped toward the glowing teleportation gate. “Good. Then let us depart.”
Memories I thought I had forgotten flashed in my head with every blink, the scenes 
haunting me in broad daylight as we prepared to make our way to the location we had 
designated to meet with the messenger.
‘Are you okay, Arthur?’ Sylvie’s concern touched my mind.
I’m fine, Sylv. Though I’m still getting used to the fact that you call me by my name now,
I replied, scratching her small ears.
‘Grandfather said it’s important that I uphold the dignity of the dragons.’ My bond held 
her tiny snout up high, sauntering beside me as we exited the teleportation gate Aldir 
had conjured. It had brought us to a small clearing on a rise just above a remote fishing 
town called Slore, more than a dozen miles south of Etistin.
Well, I can’t say you weren’t cuter before, when you called me “Papa.” I smirked.
‘Don’t worry. I still see you as my papa!’ She rubbed her side against my leg while we 
walked, as if to comfort me. The occasional moist breeze carried with it a strong smell 
of the sea, and I felt sticky despite the frigid air.
“I still don’t feel right about having this meeting without any backup,” Virion said 
warily.
“If this messenger has the audacity to act against us, I will have every right to 
intervene,” Aldir assured the commander, one corner of his mouth twitching up in the 
barest hint of a smile. Though two of his eyes were closed, the third—a single, vivid 
purple eye—stared down the path ahead, ever watchful.
“Considering everything the Vritra have done—breeding asura half-bloods, turning 
our mana beasts into mutants, and now the ships—I can’t imagine how long Agrona 
has been planning this. Despite the extensive preparation, though, I can’t shake the 
feeling that this war is just some sort of game to him. The choices he’s made, the risks 
he’s taken…” Commander Virion trailed off, shaking his head.
“If Agrona were easy to predict, he never would’ve gotten this far,” Aldir acknowledged 
reluctantly. “Since he, like all the other asuras residing in this world, is prohibited from 
directly participating in the war, he’s been coming up with ways to work around that 
by being the almighty hand that moves the chess pieces—at least for his side.”
“And who is the almighty hand moving the pieces for our side?” Virion asked with a 
raised brow.
“You are the one leading this war, are you not?” Aldir retorted.
Virion shrugged. “That’s what I tell myself at night.”
“All right,” I interrupted. “Is this the meeting place?”
“Of course not,” Virion said with a weary sigh, tying back his long white hair.
“This is the farthest I can take us. From here we’ll travel to our real destination,” Aldir 
clarified. “It’s in the middle of the ocean.”
“Lead the way,” I said.
Aldir’s feet slowly rose from the ground as a milky aura surrounded both him and 
Virion. After a moment, the aura lifted Virion into the air as well. Virion’s lips shut 
tight and he curled in on himself slightly, like a cat picked up by its scruff.
As the two of them picked up speed, rising quickly above the clouds, Sylvie scampered 
towards the edge of the cliff.
‘Jump!’ Sylvie chirped, then leaped off.
Without a second thought, I followed my bond. As I propelled myself up and over the 
steep edge, I took a moment to admire the bird’s-eye view of the bustling town directly 
below me.
Just as I began to fall, Sylvie’s massive figure appeared below, scooping me up from the 
air with a snap of her powerful wings. I patted the base of her long, black neck as we 
sped through the clouds.
Sylvie, have you gained weight? I joked.
‘That joke is getting old, you know,’ Sylvie grumbled.
Not to me. I let out a refreshing whoop at the top of my lungs, and it was blown away 
by the harsh wind slicing against us as we gathered speed.
I spotted the tiny figures of Aldir and Virion ahead of us. Sylvie caught up to them, but 
stayed a few dozen yards behind Aldir as we surfed along the top of the clouds. This 
far up in the sky, the only sound was the sharp whistle of air around us, making the 
journey peaceful despite the purpose of our trip.
As I stared in a daze at the blue and white of our surroundings, my mind wandered 
back to that day in Epheotus after I had finished my training. The brusque king of the 
asuras had wanted to see me before I headed back to Dicathen. It was the second 
encounter I’d had with Lord Indrath, and also the moment I realized who Myre was.
The elderly asura, who had healed me and taught me how to read spells using 
Realmheart, had been seated next to the stone-faced Lord Indrath, an amused grin on 
her now-youthful face.
I’d stood there speechless, my mouth ajar, until Lord Indrath beckoned me forward, 
saying simply, “I’m sure you remember my wife, Myre.”
Needless to say, the meeting hadn’t gone as I had thought it would. For one, Lord 
Indrath had been much less critical this time compared to the first time we had met; 
he’d even—barely—acknowledged my improvement, although he had added that if it 
weren’t for Myre’s help, I would’ve been a lost cause.
Before leaving, Lord Indrath had given me one piece of advice. Oddly, he had activated 
his aether ability, freezing time for everyone present—even his wife—except for the 
two of us. I’d stared blankly at the king of the asuras as Myre, Sylvie, and the guards 
remained static, and he had left me with a cryptic message:
‘It’s wisest to close your heart to the elf princess.’
That was all he had said before withdrawing his powers and having the guards escort 
Sylvie and me back to Windsom and Wren, who were waiting for us outside.
‘We’re almost here,’ Sylvie announced, snapping me back to the present.
Aldir and Virion had stopped above the clouds, waiting for us to catch up.
“I’m sure I don’t need to tell you this but I will anyway. No one knows how much the 
Vritra actually know so it’d be wise to keep your true strength hidden during this 
meeting.” Aldir’s voice tickled uncomfortably in my ear as if he was whispering right 
next to me.
“What about Sylvie?” I shouted over the sound of the asura’s dragon wings beating at 
the air.
“Lady Sylvie will have to transform back into her miniature from,” Aldir answered. “I 
will carry you down, Arthur.”
‘I’ll lay low for now, but I’m not going to stay hidden during the war. If I want to protect 
you, I’ll do so with you on my back,’ Sylvie declared as she turned into her white fox 
form.
I began free-falling but Aldir dipped underneath Sylvie and me, wrapping us in the 
same aura that enveloped Virion.
We descended beneath the layer of clouds below us, plummeting through the blanket 
of white, the moisture in the air dampening our clothes, until we spotted the 
shimmering ocean gently rippling in all directions.
Despite the phenomenal view of the never-ending stretch of water, my gaze instantly 
focused on the dark specks littered across the ocean to my right. A few dozen miles 
north, I could see the fleet of Alacryan ships heading toward the shore near Etistin 
City, the capital of Sapin.
‘Look there,’ Sylvie pointed out. Floating on the water below was a pitch-black platform 
about the size of a small house.
As we descended, moments behind Virion and Aldir, I could make out two small 
figures. From a distance, they had blended in with the platform they stood on.
A shiver ran down my spine. Every hair on my body stood on end, and I could feel my 
heart beating faster the closer we drifted toward the platform.
“They’re there,” I said aloud to no one in particular. “But I don’t think they’re ordinary 
messengers.”
Making a soft landing onto the platform, the three of us walked toward the center, with 
Sylvie following behind me. My jaws clenched at the sight of the two supposed 
messengers. By their familiar pale grey skin tone and striking red eyes, I knew they 
had to be part of the Vritra Clan.
“Welcome to our humble abode,” the taller of the two sneered, his lanky arms spread 
wide.
Virion narrowed his eyes. “We assumed we’d be meeting with a messenger. That role 
seems to be beneath both of you.”
“I’m flattered, but at this moment we are mere messengers,” he replied with an 
exaggerated smile. His companion remained silent.
Examining the two Vritra, despite their ancestry and blood, the two couldn’t be more 
different. The one on my left stood just a bit taller than me with a ramrod straight 
posture. He had deep-set eyes underneath heavy lids, giving a mysteriously charming 
quality to his stern face. With his neatly-cropped head of ash black hair and his tightfitting black armor underneath a lavish purple cape, the Vritra would have looked like 
something out of every woman’s dreams if it weren’t for the pair of horns jutting out 
just above his ears.
The other Vritra—the one who had been talking—stood well over six feet tall, 
towering over us all despite his hunched posture. His long, thin arms dangled by his 
sides as if they had popped out of their sockets. This Vritra didn’t wear armor; instead, 
his body was wrapped completely in thick dark bandages underneath a shabby black 
mantle that hung from his shoulders. Messy bangs peeked out from underneath his 
tattered hood, accentuating his peculiar appearance.
This was the first time I had come face-to-face with a Vritra, so I was surprised to see 
how much smaller the horns of the purple-caped Vritra were compared to the one that 
had attacked Sylvia in the cave during my childhood. But I couldn’t sense the level of 
either of these messengers, which could have meant they were purposely hiding their 
auras, or simply that they were that much stronger than I was.
“I am Cylrit and this is Uto. It is an honor to meet you, Aldir. We retainers have heard 
much about the famous asuras in Epheotus.” Cylrit’s gaze locked onto Aldir’s as if 
Virion and I didn’t even exist, but it wasn’t out of respect. “I trust that you will uphold 
the pact and remain a noncombatant?”
I was surprised at how casually he had mentioned that he was a retainer. That meant 
he was one of the leading figures in this war who were actually allowed to fight—just 
beneath the Four Scythes.
“Assuming your side will do the same? Yes,” Aldir answered, his stare just as piercing 
as Cylrit’s.
“That’s a shame. I wanted to try fighting an asura, but I guess I’ll have to settle for 
slaughtering a few thousand of you lessers,” Uto spat, glaring at me. The lanky Vritra 
took a step toward me, craning his neck down with a sneer. “I get why Mr. One-Eye and 
Grampa Elf are here but I didn’t expect the boy wonder, Arthur Leywin, to grace us 
with his presence.”
I wasn’t sure how the Vritra had heard of me, but I maintained my cool façade. “I could 
say the same for you. To what do we owe the pleasure of the retainers showing their 
faces here?”
“Like Cylrit said, we are here as messengers. We didn’t want to give you the 
opportunity to capture and torture an innocent messenger for information. Because 
that’s what I’d do.” Uto’s slanted red eyes peered into mine, searching for signs of fear 
or anger.
Instead, I returned his provocation with a nonchalant smirk. “I can’t wait to find you 
on the battlefield.”
He replied with a murderous gaze, his lips spreading into a wicked grin. “Why wait? I 
love slicing through children’s flesh the most.”
“Uto! Enough,” Cylrit reprimanded him.
“What?” Uto shrugged innocently. “Mr. One-Eye here can’t touch us anyway.”
“Nor would I want to touch any filthy lessurans,” Aldir answered calmly, holding the 
lanky Vritra’s gaze. “Now. Since we didn’t come here to exchange frivolities, get on with 
your message and disappear from my sight.”
By the slight twitch in Uto’s brows, I could tell he was annoyed that his attempt at 
provoking Aldir had backfired. However, before he had the chance to respond, Cylrit 
stretched out an arm to restrain him.
“The message that His Majesty has tasked me to deliver to the leaders of Dicathen is 
simply this: Surrender the ruling families and mercy will be given to those who 
deserve it. Continue resistance and our army will eradicate everyone on this continent 
without discretion,” Cylrit recited, still looking only at Aldir.
“You call those terms?” Virion burst out. “That’s a one-sided ultimatum!”
Uto bent down to be at eye-level with Virion. “Be thankful you even have the choice. 
Don’t worry. If you decide on the first option, I promise to be extra gentle when slicing 
off your head.”
Cylrit stared daggers at his companion. “We weren’t sent here to incite a fight, Uto.”
“That was never my intention, just a friendly warning about the upcoming battle,” the 
lanky Vritra replied, but then he turned to back to Virion with a perverse grin. “I hope 
to meet you again, Elf King. You and your granddaughter. I’ll make sure to enjoy myself 
thoroughly while you watch.”
Disregarding Aldir’s warning, I stepped forward, ready to draw the sword in my 
dimension ring, but Virion moved first.
In a flash, his fist made contact with Uto’s jaw. Tessia’s grandfather had already 
activated his second phase, a shroud of black covering his entire body and head, but I 
could still make out the rage in his eyes.
Uto’s head immediately snapped back at the blow, lifting him off the ground and 
knocking loose the hood that had been covering his head.
“That kinda tickled,” the lanky Vritra growled, cracking his neck. Uto’s nose jutted out 
at a weird angle, but my eyes were glued to his horns.
It wasn’t the shape or the size of his horns that stunned me.
No, it was the familiar chip on his left horn. The chip that the Lance, Alea, had made in 
the battle that cost her her life.
The haunting images of Alea’s bloody corpse, her limbs brutally severed and core 
destroyed, flooded my mind as I stared at the chip in Uto’s left horn.
Any form of inhibition that had kept me from killing the Vritra disappeared as I 
advanced toward him.
“Was it you?” I asked, my voice dripping with malice.
Sylvie’s concern seeped into my head from behind, but it was no use.
With each step forward, the self-control that had enabled me to remain neutral during 
this meeting faded. Mana surged from my body like a storm, shocking the Vritra and 
snapping Virion from his outrage.
“Were you the one who killed Alea?” I took another step.
“What was that, pup?” Uto snapped, his eyebrows furrowed with impatience.
“The Lance in the dungeon who had all her limbs cut off before dying,” I clarified, my 
voice icy. “Was it you?”
“Ahh,” the Vritra said, his lips curling upward.
Just from the tone of his voice, I already knew the answer. Taunting Virion and using 
his granddaughter as ammunition was one thing, but the fact that he was the one 
responsible for Alea’s horrible torture and death now gave gravity to his threats.
He had to die.
“That pretty little elf? What if it was me, brat?” Uto spit.
I opened my mouth to respond, but Aldir gave me no chance to act on my impulse. He 
moved in front of me with a stern gaze. “This is what he wants you to do. Don’t let him 
provoke you.”
I let out a deep breath. Of course I knew Uto was provoking us on purpose—anyone 
with half a brain could see that. As for whether it was with forethought or because he 
was just that impulsive… I had a feeling it was both.
Swallowing the bitter taste in my mouth, I ignored Uto. Facing Cylrit, I asked, “Was 
there anything else that needed to be discussed? Or was that predictable threat all you 
came here to say?”
“You will be given two days to decide,” Cylrit answered callously. “If the royal families 
of Dicathen have not been surrendered by then, we will take that as your answer.”
I looked back at Virion, who had finally gathered himself.
“We’ll show ourselves out.” Virion’s words were clipped as he glared at the Vritra, but 
he smoothed over the creases on his robe casually.
As I turned to leave with Virion and Aldir, Uto’s voice rang out.
“You should’ve heard her scream,” he laughed. “Almost made me want to not kill her—
keep her alive so I could keep making her scream, you know?”
I could feel my blood flowing faster, pounding in my head as I stepped toward the edge 
of the platform.
Aldir caught my gaze and prepared to lift me up with his aura, but I stopped him. 
Sending ice, lightning, and wind attribute mana into my palm, I raised my arm and 
whipped around to face Uto.
The thin, translucent beam of fused elements pierced the narrow gap between the two 
Vritra, creating a crackling gale in its path. The ray shot past them and into the water, 
and the ocean split from the force of my spell. The waves instantly froze over, then a 
current of electricity shattered the ice into shards of sparkling glass.
I could see Uto’s expression crumple, slowly giving way to one of doubt and shock. 
Even Cylrit’s cold face showed surprise as the shower of ice shards rained down on us.
“Whether or not we decide to proceed with the war, I really hope to meet you again, 
Uto.” I turned my back on him as the shadowy platform we had been standing on 
convulsed.
Aldir lifted Virion, Sylvie, and me into the air, and I fought the urge to turn back around. 
Staring at Virion’s face, lined with worry and frustration, I could tell he was thinking 
about the Vritra’s words.
“You’re not really considering their offer, right?” I asked as we rose above the clouds.
“No—but if they were to keep their word, imagine how many innocent lives could be 
saved,” Virion said, the creases between his brows thickening.
I scoffed. “That’s a big if to be sacrificing your and your family’s lives for.”
“Arthur’s right,” Aldir chimed in. “You know what becomes of the world under the 
Vritra’s rule. Even Epheotus won’t be safe from harm if Agrona is able to populate two 
continents with his half-breed descendants. It’ll be only a matter of a few generations 
before they strike against the rest of the asuras as well.”
“I know,” Virion sighed. “I’m not looking forward to the protests that will undoubtedly 
greet my choice, though.”
“You’re going to tell everyone?” I asked, surprised.
Tess’s grandfather nodded solemnly. “Trust is a fickle serpent; laboriously gained yet 
so easily lost. A leader must be trusted by his people, but how much do you think 
they’ll trust me after realizing I’m basically using their lives as a gambling token?”
“Not much,” I admitted, still reluctant toward the idea. I wouldn’t question Virion’s 
decisions, though. As far as leadership went, he had much more experience than me, 
even with both lives under my belt.
I could have offered a different perspective, but ultimately I trusted his choices, as did 
Aldir. When the asura had first come to Dicathen, killing the Greysunders in one sweep 
as soon as he had arrived, I’d assumed he would try to control Virion like some sort of 
puppeteer in the background. However, Aldir simply protected and advised Virion, 
never forcing him to take action. This said a lot about the asura’s respect for him.
As we flew back to the western shore, Virion used a mental transmission artifact to 
coordinate the arrangements for the public appearance that would supposedly take 
place tomorrow. From the bits and pieces I managed to pick up as Virion murmured 
into the artifact, it seemed all the major figures in the war would be present at the 
speech. The Lances, the royal members of the three races, and other influential noble 
families were to be gathered and stand beside Virion as a sign of respect while he 
made his speech.
We came through the teleportation gate and into the circular room in the castle just a 
few hours later. Before leaving the bland brick chamber, Virion patted my back.
“Get some rest, Arthur. Lord Aldir and I will handle the rest from here,” the whitehaired elf said with a tired smile.
“I can help,” I protested. “There’s a lot you need to plan if the announcement is to be 
made tomorrow, right?”
“Let me worry about that,” he countered. “Your family is here, right now, waiting for 
you. After the true war begins, I’m afraid the amount of time you will be able to spend 
with your loved ones will be limited.”
“Listen to Virion,” Aldir agreed. “Judging by your little parting gift to those lessurans, 
you’ve prepared your body. Now, use this time to prepare your mind and heart.”
Tired and dirty from the journey, I relented, and we went our separate ways. I headed 
for the living quarters, which were on the upper floors. With the castle always 
shrouded by clouds, it was hard to imagine how large this floating structure must be 
to accommodate almost a hundred people while still having space for luxurious 
amenities.
Walking up the stairs with Sylvie silently scampering behind me, I thought about how 
everyone’s lives would change during this war. Until now, the battles had been 
isolated, taking place well past the Grand Mountains and never reaching civilization. 
There hadn’t been any civilian casualties, only military ones. But once the ships landed 
on the western border, that would all change—and for the civilians, it would come as 
an unpleasant surprise.
I feared how the inhabitants—the non-nobles—would take Virion’s announcement. 
At best, they would reluctantly accept the news; more likely, protests would arise, and 
it was even possible that the citizens the soldiers of Dicathen were trying to protect 
would betray us for the blind hope that the Alacryan forces would let them live if they 
cooperated.
I exited the stairway on the fourth floor and made my way down the wide corridor, 
warmly lit by orbs mounted on both walls. Narrower hallways branched off, with 
doors every few yards or so.
“How do you suppose we find our parents, Sylv?” I asked, veering right into a random 
hallway in hopes of running into someone who would know.
‘Searching for mana signatures seems over the top here and would probably alarm some 
of the mages,’ Sylvie chirped. ‘How about knocking on every door until we find someone 
who can tell us?’
I took another right at random and kept walking until a familiar sight caught my eye.
A wide archway led to a patio garden outside the castle. I never thought I’d see such 
an open deck on a flying castle but the vast orange sky of a beautiful sunset, dimmed 
by the transparent barrier surrounding it, illuminated the area. Playing on the neatlykept grass lawn were groups of children, some sparring with friends, others simply 
chasing each other.
What had made me stop, though, was the towering dark-brown bear playing amidst 
the scampering children. I spotted an uncomfortable Ellie just beside her bond, talking 
to a blond-haired boy about her age.
Puffed-out chest, chin held high, a fake smile that didn’t reach his eyes… If I didn’t 
know any better, I’d say he was trying to flirt with my precious sister.
“Sic him, Sylv. Make him scream like a castrato.” I grinned evilly.
My vicious bond was scampering to my sister, sending a mental message asking me 
what a castrato was, when Ellie’s mana beast picked up the blond boy by the back of 
his collar and flung him away.
I locked eyes with the bear—Boo was his name—for a brief second. I gave him a stern 
but approving nod as I raised my right thumb.
Still seated next to my sister, Boo responded with a furry thumbs-up as well. At that 
moment I decided Boo wouldn’t be such a bad companion for my sister after all.
“Sylvie?” Ellie exclaimed when she saw the little white fox scampering towards her. 
She looked up, and her face lit up when she saw me. “Brother?”
The children—all nobles, who had come here for safety—whipped their heads around, 
dropping whatever they had been doing. Some of the parents, seated nearby on the 
patio chairs talking to one another, turned to look at me as well.
I walked toward my sister, feeling everyone’s eyes following me. Ellie scooped up 
Sylvie and embraced her tightly before looking back up at me. “Brother, you’re back 
already?”
“Yup.” I smiled, glancing around at the onlookers. I hugged my sister in greeting, 
whispering into her ear, “Why are they all staring at me?”
“There’s not a noble in Dicathen that doesn’t know who Arthur Leywin is,” she giggled. 
“You should see how those nobles treat me.”
“So that’s what it was. I thought I had done something wrong to your friends here.” I 
gave a relieved chuckle. Turning to Boo, who remained seated on his hind legs, I raised 
my hand. “Good to see you, Boo!”
The giant mana beast responded with a low grunt and received my hand with a large 
paw.
“When did you two get so close?” Ellie marveled.
“Men with common objectives tend to bond fast,” I answered as Boo and I nodded at 
each other once more.
“What? No—never mind, that’s not important,” Ellie amended, shaking her head. “It’s 
good that you’re here right now. You’ve got to stop them.”
“What? Stop who from what?” I could hear the worry in her voice. Ellie pulled me 
inside, off of the patio and away from the other children and parents. Her eyes darted 
nervously left and right.
“It’s Mom and Dad,” she said solemnly. “They’ve decided to join the war.”
Leaving Sylvie with my sister, I made my way to my parents’ room. I strode down the 
corridor, my gait growing faster with each step as I arrived in front of the door labeled 
Leywin Family.
I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. The thought of what Ellie had said, that my 
parents really planned to take part in the war, filled me with unease. A dull thud 
resounded as I knocked on the wooden door.
“It’s open,” the warm voice of my mother chimed from the other side.
The hinges creaked as I turned the knob and slid the door open. Bags lay open on the 
floor with clothes folded neatly beside them. I stepped inside, looking around to see 
my father polishing his gauntlets with a set of chainmail armor spread out beside him. 
My mother, who had been walking toward the door to greet their visitor, stopped when 
she saw me. She masked her surprise with a weak smile, and my father dropped his 
gaze as soon as he saw my expression.
“So it’s true,” I muttered, picking up a polished shin brace from beside my father.
“Son.” He put down the gauntlet and rag but remained seated.
“We weren’t expecting you back so soon,” my mother added, taking another step 
toward me.
“Were you planning on leaving without saying anything to me?” I asked, my gaze still 
focused on the shin brace in my hand.
“Of course not. But we wanted to finish preparing before you got back.” My mother 
lifted her hand, hesitating just a bit before she placed it on my shoulder.
A mixture of feelings welled up in me as I squeezed tightly at the metal armor—
confusion as to why they had suddenly decided to fight, irritation that they hadn’t even 
bothered to discuss this decision with me, and anger that they’d be willing to risk their 
lives when Ellie was so young—barely twelve.
I finally lifted my gaze from the armor in my hand and looked at my father. “I thought 
you were both going to wait until Ellie was older before joining the war.”
“Commander Virion advised us to stay until Ellie was older—or until you came,” my 
father said, his gaze firm.
“I don’t believe you’ve suddenly decided to fight just because I came back,” I replied 
doubtfully.
“We didn’t,” my mother answered, her hand squeezing my shoulder more tightly.
“I just got a transmission from Helen.” My father stood up, his gaze unusually hard as 
he tested out his gauntlets. “They were attacked in a dungeon as everyone was leaving. 
They stayed back to buy some time for the younger soldiers to escape, but…”
“But?” I echoed.
My father, Reynolds Leywin, the man who had always endured every hardship with an 
optimistic smile, looked up with an icy venom in his eyes. “Adam didn’t make it.”
“No.” I shook my head. “That’s impossible. I was there just yesterday. I was the one 
who cleared the dungeon and killed the mutant holed up inside.”
My father nodded solemnly. “Apparently after you left, as everyone prepared to depart, 
another horde of mana beasts, led by a mutant, attacked them. Helen thinks the 
bottom floor of the first dungeon was connected to another dungeon.”
“The fight was a mess—no one had been expecting a battle,” my mother said. “The 
Twin Horns and some other veteran soldiers stayed to give everyone else time to get 
away. Luckily, the mutant was only B-class, but because its army was larger and caught 
them off-guard, there were more deaths than anyone expected… including Adam’s.”
A barren silence lingered in the room after my mother finished speaking. I couldn’t 
believe that someone I had just seen yesterday was dead. Then a sinking realization 
made me bolt upright.
Tess had been in that dungeon!
“Who… who else died?” I asked. Despite my worry, I didn’t want to seem insensitive of 
Adam’s death by asking if Tess was okay.
“That was all I was able to get from Helen. It was an emergency transmission, so the 
message was short. But she didn’t name anyone else, so I figure the others who died 
were soldiers we don’t know,” my father said, letting out a slow, weary breath. 
“Commander Virion probably knows more about the situation than we do.”
Surely Helen would have mentioned if something had happened to Tess, but I was still 
uneasy, to say the least.
“I’m sorry about Adam,” I said, trying to console my father. Adam wasn’t my favorite of 
the Twin Horns—I had found his quick temper and cynical sarcasm to be distasteful—
but he had been loyal. Underneath his impatient and cranky exterior had been a 
trustworthy comrade who stood by my parents’ sides when they had been members 
of the party.
I could see now why the atmosphere surrounding my father was so heavy.
“Don’t misunderstand, Arthur. We’re not doing this out of guilt—a soldier’s life is 
always in danger,” my father said.
“Even so,” I said, shaking my head.
I knew I was being unreasonable. My father had every right to fight the battles he 
chose. But it was my own selfishness—wanting to keep the ones I loved safe—that 
made me want to try.
It didn’t matter what level your core was or how knowledgeable you were about mana 
manipulation. No matter how much you strengthened your body or heavily you 
equipped yourself, death could come at any moment in a battle. No matter how strong 
I became, I firmly believed that. Yet my father was willing to risk his and my mother’s 
lives when it was not only unnecessary, but reckless.
“Arthur, it’s not his fault,” my mother consoled me. “I’m the one who wants to go back 
to the Twin Horns and help out in the war.”
“What?” I blurted, completely taken by surprise. “You want to go to war?”
She nodded. “Yes.”
“B-But you can’t.” I turned to my father, certain my bewilderment was written on my 
face. “I mean, Dad said you avoid using magic because something happened in the 
past. Why now…?”
My mother cast a glance at my father, who dipped his head in a solemn nod. “Arthur, 
sit down.”
I obeyed, taking a seat at the foot of the bed as my mother gathered her thoughts.
“What else did your fath—your father tell you?” She eyed me guiltily as she tripped 
over her words, but I didn’t take it to heart. She had told me she would need time to 
accept the revelations about who I was; it was clear that she was still conflicted, but I 
could tell she was trying.
“That was about all,” I said. “He said you would tell me the rest when you were ready.”
“What we never told you about the Twin Horns, Arthur, was that there was actually 
one more member.”
My brows furrowed and I glanced over at my father, who remained silent.
“Her name was Lensa. She was a talented young augmenter,” my mother continued. 
She told me the story of a very bright and hopeful mage who had joined the Twin 
Horns shortly after my father had brought in a young Alice from Valden City. My 
mother’s eyes glazed over as she described how she and Lensa had hit it off 
immediately, Lensa’s brash nature and straightforwardness meshing well with my 
mother’s timidity. Lensa had done well for herself as an adventurer even without the 
help of a party, and she was already fairly well-known. So when she had asked the 
Twin Horns if she could join their party, it came as a surprise to everyone.
My mother closed her eyes and paused for a breath. “It was only about two years after 
she joined that the accident occurred.”
I tensed in apprehension as I imagined what sort of accident had transpired, but my 
mother faintly smiled. “It wasn’t some dramatic calamity that befell us; not everyone’s 
life is as exciting as yours.”
Embarrassed, I laughed uncomfortably and scratched my cheek.
“We got careless and ran into an ambush by a pack of stingers. None of us had 
sustained any major injuries and I thought very little of it. I healed everyone’s surface 
wounds.” My mother pursed her lips to keep from crying. “The thing about being an 
emitter is that everyone expects you to know how to heal every injury—that your 
magic is a one-spell-cures-all when that really isn’t the case.”
My father placed a consoling hand on my mother’s back as she shuddered.
“I didn’t know that either, at the time; it hadn’t been that long since I had awakened 
and I’d never fully trained in the different aspects of healing. I didn’t think I needed 
to.” Wiping away her tears, she looked up at me with red eyes. “I closed everyone’s 
wounds, but the venom from the stingers’ tails had infected the flesh below. Everyone 
else, including your father, was able to get treated in time, before it could do any 
serious harm, but Lensa’s wound was close to her mana core, and, although I closed 
her wounds, the venom spread.”
I drew in a breath sharply. “Then…”
“Yes. Her mana core got infected to the point where she could no longer practice mana 
manipulation. I had robbed my friend and teammate of the one true joy in her life.”
“At least she survived,” I said, trying to comfort her, but she shook her head.
“She went off into a dungeon by herself and never came back out,” my mother said. 
“She had always said she wanted to die gloriously in battle, but she went into a highrisk dungeon knowing she couldn’t use magic. She wanted to get herself killed. And 
you know what the funny part is?” My mother looked up, trying to keep the tears from 
falling as she laughed bitterly. “If I hadn’t closed the wound, the doctor would’ve been 
able to extract the poison easily. She probably would have been fine if I hadn’t healed
her.”
I opened my mouth, hoping words would form, but none did. My father remained 
silent as well, his hand still gently stroking my mother’s back.
After a few minutes, my mother composed herself. “I’ve been scared to properly use 
magic for anything more than minor injuries since then. When we were attacked on 
our way to Xyrus, I was barely able to bring myself to heal your father. But after you 
told us about your… secret and went off to train, while we were holed up in that cave, 
Elder Rinia helped me. I doubt Adam’s death was a sign, but after everything the Twin 
Horns have done for your father and me, I think it’s time for us to be there for them.”
The resolution in my mother’s eyes made it clear that she wasn’t saying this to gain 
my approval.
“That’s not the only reason though,” my father said in a hushed tone. “Now that you’re 
back, it’s been killing me to think about you fighting in the war while we’re here, safely 
twiddling our thumbs and waiting for good news.”
“But what if something happens to either of you? What will happen to Ellie?” I argued, 
still uneasy about them going into battle. “You could…” I cut off, unable to finish that 
thought out loud.
“The same goes for you, Arthur. No matter how strong you are, death rarely comes 
from just weakness; it sneaks up when your guard is down. I’ll protect your mother, 
and you can bet that our goal in this war will be to make it out in one piece and come 
back to you and your sister, but you have to do the same.” My father paused for a 
second as his gaze hardened. “We may not have raised you as we thought we had, with 
your past-life memories and all, but you can be damn sure that Ellie sees you as her 
loving brother, so don’t be too eager to sacrifice yourself for some vague ‘greater good.’ 
You need to come out of this war safely. Even if we lose this war, there will always be 
a chance to fight back. You only truly lose when you die, because there are no second 
chances after that.”
I couldn’t help but chuckle softly. “Well…”
“You know what I mean!” my father snapped, eliciting a faint smile from my mother.
Just then, a hurried knock drew our attention to the door. After trading glances with 
my parents, I said, “It’s open.”
The wooden door swung open to reveal Virion, still in the black robe he had worn for 
our meeting with the Vritra. “Boy, have you heard?”
“Commander Virion!” My parents bolted up from their seats.
“Please. Just ‘Virion’ is fine for Arthur’s parents,” he replied with a quick wave of his 
hand.
“The attack?” I guessed, judging by his perturbed expression.
“Good, you have then.” Virion nodded. “And have you told your parents?”
“My parents were the ones who told me.”
Virion’s brows rose in mild surprise, but he merely shook his head as he regarded my 
parents. “Then you must’ve heard what happened to your ex-party member.”
My father responded with a solemn nod.
“You have my deepest condolences,” the commander said somberly. “Some of the 
soldiers who were there have just arrived at the castle. I came to get Arthur, but I’m 
positive that at least the leader of the Twin Horns is here. Would you like to come with 
us?”
I sent Sylvie a quick transmission telling her we were going to be on the lower floor 
and that she should stay with Ellie, and the four of us hurried to the teleportation 
room.
The towering iron doors that protected the teleportation room had been left open. 
Soldiers, exhausted from battle, stumbled out of the glowing gate in the center of the 
chamber. Some still had their weapons drawn and bloody.
Guards lined the walls in case anyone other than Dicathen soldiers made their way 
through the portal, and handmaids and nurses waited with fresh gauze and vials of 
antiseptics and ointment to treat the badly injured soldiers as they were led or carried 
away on stretchers.
I spotted Helen first and nudged my parents, pointing in her direction.
Needless to say, the leader of the Twin Horns was in a miserable state. Her metal chest 
guard was cracked, and only a fragment of her shoulder brace was still attached to her. 
The leather armor that protected the rest of her body had gashes all over it, lined with 
dried blood, but her expression wasn’t one of weariness or pain. There was a raging 
tempest in her eyes as she walked down the platform, her broken bow still in hand.
“Helen!” my father called out. My parents immediately rushed toward Helen. Her 
expression softened at the sight of my parents, and she returned their embrace.
I left Virion, who was still anxiously waiting for Tess to walk through the portal, and 
made my way toward Helen.
“I’m glad you’re safe,” I said, giving her a gentle hug. “I’m sorry for what happened to 
Adam… If only I had stayed down there with you—”
“Don’t,” Helen stopped me. “No good ever comes of thinking like that. What happened, 
happened. The best thing to do is focus on how we’ll make those damn Alacryans and 
their mutant pets pay.”
“What you have to focus on right now is resting,” my mother said. “Come, we’ll have a 
nurse look at you.”
Helen insisted she was okay but let my mother guide her out of the portal room, 
following the trail of wounded soldiers headed toward the medical wing, my father 
trailing closely behind them. I wondered when they would tell Helen about their plans 
to re-join the Twin Horns, but I stayed near the teleportation platform, waiting for 
Tess to come back.
The soldiers who escaped had managed to reach one of the hidden teleportation gates 
within the Beast Glades, but they hadn’t had time for a headcount. It was possible that 
the horde of mana beasts could still ambush them outside the dungeon. Each minute 
that passed by without Tess showing up made me worry even more.
It couldn’t have been more than a few minutes, but it felt like an eternity passed as I 
watched the unfamiliar faces stagger out of the teleportation gate. Finally, a familiar 
face popped out of the portal—it was the boy named Stannard.
He had a few scuffs on his tunic and pants, and his face was smeared with dirt, but 
there was no blood on him. I took that as a positive sign.
I didn’t hesitate; I dashed over to him, pulling him aside the instant he stepped out of 
the gate.
“Whoa! What giv—”
“Where’s Tessia? Was she with you?” I bombarded him with questions, gripping his 
arm tightly.
“Arthur Leywin?” A twinge crossed his face. “Ouch. Your grip is a bit tight.”
I immediately let go, my gaze darting from Stannard to the teleportation gate just in 
case Tess came out.
“Sorry, Stannard. I heard about the ambush in the dungeon. Where’s the rest of your 
team?” I asked impatiently, forced to raise my voice over the increasing noise of 
groaning soldiers, shouted orders, and hurried conversations as friends and comrades 
found each other in the chaos.
“Th-They should’ve been behind me,” he replied, looking back. “It was too crazy. We 
had to keep running in case they chased after us.”
Stannard was shivering and his knees buckled. I let him lean against me and helped 
him to the side of the room, where he could sit and lean against the wall.
Looking at everyone’s state, I realized that Helen had clearly understated the severity 
of the ambush. As I peered over the crowd of soldiers, I spotted the rest of Tess’s 
teammates.
The girl named Caria was carrying Darvus, the boy I had dueled against, on her back, 
despite her own multiple wounds. His feet dragged on the ground because of their 
difference in height. Her curly brown hair was tangled and caked with blood at the 
ends, and her leather armor was tattered beyond repair.
Rushing to them, I lifted the unconscious augmenter from Caria’s back and carried him 
myself, which seemed to surprise her. She thanked me, sounding exhausted, as I 
guided her to Stannard.
When I put Darvus down, he stirred awake with a pained groan. He tried to focus on 
me from under his wild hair, and as soon as he realized who he was staring at, his 
glazed eyes narrowed. “You… because of that bloody technique of yours, I couldn’t 
muster up any mana to fight!”
Despite his anger, his voice came out hoarse and weak.
“I’m sorry. I really am.”
Darvus sank back against the wall before falling back into unconsciousness, joining 
the sleeping Stannard.
I snagged a pitcher of water from a passing handmaid and gave it to Caria. She 
immediately raised the glass pitcher to her lips, sloshing water down her front as she 
clumsily gulped down the entire contents before passing the empty container back to 
me. She slumped down next to Darvus, clearly spent.
“Caria.” I gently shook her shoulder to keep her from falling asleep. “I need to know 
what happened to Tessia.”
Caria’s eyes were already half-closed. She seemed about to speak when, instead, her 
lips curled into a grin and she pointed behind me wordlessly.
Confused, I looked over my shoulder. Hobbling out of the portal—dirty, her clothes 
tattered, hair in disarray, armor dented and cracked, but alive and in one piece—was 
Tessia.
TESSIA ERALITH
I stepped through the teleportation gate and onto a platform, feeling weary and 
frustrated. I could’ve helped back there, but they wouldn’t let me. The soldiers who 
stayed behind to fight had all echoed the same words—that I needed to go; my safety 
was the priority.
What the hell was the point of training so damn hard if everyone treated me like some 
glass sculpture?
I let out a deep breath, hoping to expel the frustration from my system, but all it did 
was remind me of how thirsty I was. I looked around the crowd of soldiers, guards, 
and nurses for anyone with the water I needed to quench my parched throat. Then I 
caught sight of my teammates.
Stannard and Darvus were asleep against the wall. Caria was sitting up, speaking to 
someone, and then she pointed at me. The man she had been talking to turned his 
head.
My chest tightened as he stood up from his crouching position. His furrowed brows 
and the sharp gaze with which he regarded his surroundings instantly relaxed as he 
locked eyes with me.
It was Art.
I stared mindlessly as he walked towards me. The first time I had seen him, two years 
ago, he had been covered in blood and grime, looking somewhat like a monster 
himself. However, the Art approaching me now looked like a completely different 
person. Dressed in a sharp white tunic which was trimmed luxuriously with gold, and 
a long black mantle that seemed to shroud him in mystery, he exuded a sort of grand 
aura that belittled every royal family in Dicathen. His long hair was bound up, 
accentuating the sharp lines of his jaw. His auburn bangs fell messily over his forehead 
and past his azure eyes, which crinkled with his breathtaking smile.
He was almost upon me before I snapped out of my daze. There were soldiers and 
guards nearby that I had to keep my composure around. It had barely been a day since
the last time I’d seen Art, and judging by his demeanor then, I was sure he disliked 
emotional reunions in public.
With a hoarse cough, I tried to stand taller, puffing myself up to muster as much poise 
and dignity as I could, despite my unkempt appearance.
I stuck my hand out for him to shake, keeping my expression stoic. “Good to see you 
so soon, Arth—”
But my gesture was ignored. His powerful hand wove underneath my arm, landing 
firmly on my back as he pulled me toward him. I stumbled forward at the sudden force 
and my face pressed against his thin tunic, bathing me in his warmth.
I stood motionless in his embrace. I’d been approached, pursued, and courted by 
almost every man brave enough to look past my lineage, and the only things I’d ever 
felt for them were pity and annoyance. But now my body felt as if it had been both 
frozen and melted at the same time.
Whether the entire room had fallen silent or my sense of hearing had just disappeared, 
I couldn’t tell, but my other senses had become overwhelmed. Within the safe haven 
of his sturdy arms, a faint hint of oak and a crisp ocean breeze filled my nose as I felt 
him bury his face into my neck.
My limbs remained frozen, but my empty stomach fluttered uncontrollably when Art’s 
arm squeezed just a fraction tighter.
Art finally spoke. “I’m glad you’re okay.” His warm breath blew against my neck, 
sending shivers down my spine. My arms twitched, instinctively wanting to hug him 
back, but the piercing stares I felt from everyone around us made me stop.
“Of course I’m okay,” I said, somehow mustering up the strength to push him away 
despite every fiber in my body urging me to pull him closer. I could feel blood rushing 
all the way up my neck to the very top of my head as I stared at Art, his face just inches 
away from my own.
I could see his eyes moving, tracing every feature of my face as he studied me. Taking 
a deep breath, as if a large weight had been lifted, he looked at me with a gentle smile. 
“Come on. I’ll take you to your grandfather.”
It felt as though I was swimming in some sort of thick, viscous liquid in my head. The 
world around me blurred with muffled conversations and shadows of people I 
couldn’t quite make out. My body seemed to move on its own, acting and responding 
on instinct as my mind kept replaying my arrival at the castle. Now that I was just 
remembering it, I started analyzing every action and inaction of the scene, trying to 
put meaning into each thing Art had done—the firmness yet tenderness of his hug, the 
desperation and relief that had poured out of him when his eyes locked onto mine.
I replayed the scene over and over again in my head, nitpicking every little detail. 
However, the conclusion I reached every time was the same. I hated how composed he 
was every time we met. And, after all of this time, I hated how weak and helpless I still 
felt around him.
I wasn’t able to see much of Art after our initial reunion at the castle. I was swept away 
and escorted to my room by a team of nurses as soon as my grandfather had released 
me from his embrace. After checking to make sure my teammates had been tended to, 
I plopped gingerly into my bed, finding comfort in the fact that my simply furnished 
room was exactly as I had left it.
While the nurses removed my armor and wiped me down with scented towels, I felt 
my body sinking deeper and deeper into the sheets until the world faded to darkness.
“—should tell her, Virion.” Art’s familiar voice pulled me out of my slumber. Rubbing 
my eyes, I squinted at the morning sun just barely peeking above the layer of clouds 
below us.
I took a second to assess the situation, then a frightening thought struck me. I 
immediately peeked underneath my covers, giving a sigh of relief to find myself 
clothed.
“She’s going to find out eventually. You can’t hide something like this from her; it’s 
impossible.” Art’s muffled voice came from the other side of the door. He spoke in a 
hushed tone but his words rang clearly in my ears.
“It’s fine if she finds out later, but she’s not ready for this. Now shush! What if she 
hears?” my grandfather whispered back.
“She’ll listen to you if you respect her enough to tell her. If she finds out from anyone 
else, what do you think she’s going to do?” Art argued back, his voice growing sharper.
“Damn you, boy. What if she decides to go? Then what?”
“We’ll figure it out after we hear her response. Virion, you and I both know what your 
granddaughter is capable of once she puts her mind to something.”
“I know,” my grandfather snapped back. “I just can’t… those Vritra bastards murdered 
Cynthia right here in this castle, Arthur! What if…”
I couldn’t hear the rest of their conversation over the sound of my heart, which was 
beating louder and louder. Master Cynthia is dead? That’s impossible, right?
Master Cynthia had always been leagues above anyone I knew in terms of magical 
abilities. Her expertise in mana manipulation was on par with—maybe even above—
Grandpa’s. She had taught me everything from basic control to advanced execution of 
spells while sword fighting. There’s no way she could be killed by Vritra thugs. I tried 
convincing myself of this, but my hands trembled as I gripped my blanket.
I sat up in bed, wiping away a stray tear that had managed to escape, and waited for 
them to come in.
I answered immediately when they knocked on the door. Dressed simply in a grey 
tunic and black pants with his hair tied up into a knot, Art came in first. He was 
followed by my grandfather, who was wearing the same black robe he had been 
wearing yesterday.
After one glance at me, Art sighed and closed his eyes. “How much did you hear?”
“Enough,” I answered matter-of-factly.
My grandfather took a step forward, his face furrowed in concern. “Child—”
I cut him off, saying, “Take me to her, please,” as I slipped out of bed to find something 
to wear over my nightdress.
I stayed silent as we descended the flights of stone stairs, the only sound coming from 
our echoing footsteps. My grandfather led the way and Art trailed closely behind me.
My grandfather kept glancing back at me, but he didn’t say anything until we reached 
the bottommost floor, where the dungeons and cells were.
“Why is Master Cynthia holed up in such a filthy and degrading place?” I demanded. 
“These rooms are for murderers and traitors.”
“We don’t have a burial ground in this castle, Tessia. We’re keeping her here until 
circumstances permit us to safely give her a burial,” my grandfather answered 
patiently. “And the dungeon has been empty since the start of the war, when we moved 
all the prisoners to more remote dungeons on the ground.”
While the rest of the castle was well-cared-for, the dungeon level seemed purposely 
designed to repulse those who might be held here. Dim light, provided by a handful of 
artifacts attached to the walls along the main corridor, revealed fungus growing 
between the stone blocks and thick nets of dusty webbing draped from the ceiling. 
Foul, musty smells blended with the near-toxic odor of decay and waste, and I, despite 
my father’s words, felt again that this was hardly a fitting resting place for such a 
renowned conjurer. At least she wasn’t also surrounded by the screams and moans of 
prisoners—only a hollow silence lingered.
At the farthest end of the corridor, there was a single metal door with a soldier 
standing guard.
“Open the door,” my grandfather ordered.
The armored guard nodded, his expression hidden underneath his helmet, as he 
stepped to the side and turned the rusted handle without turning around. The metal 
door screeched against the uneven ground. A flawless stone casket lay in the center of 
the empty cell with a small pile of flowers resting on top.
“Only a few people know of her death,” my grandfather explained, walking up and 
gently laying a hand on the top of the stone coffin.
“She deserves a public ceremony. All her students, the professors who taught at 
Xyrus… she doesn’t deserve to be here,” I muttered.
My grandfather nodded. “I know—”
“Then why?” I said harshly. “Why is my master rotting away in a corner of this foul 
dungeon? For everything she did for this continent, she deserves a diamond coffin and 
a countrywide funeral! She—she deserves anything but… this.”
“Tessia…” Grandpa rested his hand gently on my back, perhaps hoping to quell my 
anger.
“How could you keep this from me, Grandpa? If I hadn’t heard you through the door, 
when would I have found out? After the war?” I scoffed, shrugging his hand away as 
tears blurred my vision. “Is there anything else you’re hiding from me? Despite 
everything I did to show you that I was mature, you still treat me like a child—”
“That’s because you are a child,” Art snapped.
“What?” I blurted, my face going red with anger. “How can you—you should know 
better than anyone else how I’m feeling, but you call me a child? You, of all people?”
Arthur’s face settled into a hard-edged mask as I huffed in frustration, the stern eye 
with which he regarded me casting into doubt my memory of yesterday’s affectionate 
hug.
“Maybe I’m saying this because I know both you and Grandpa Virion so well, Tess. 
What you’re doing right now—needlessly putting yourself in harm’s way just to prove 
a point—is no better than a child throwing a tantrum,” Art continued.
“Arthur,” my grandfather cut in. “Enough.”
“How dare you!” I seethed, tears rolling down my cheeks.
“If you took a minute to think this whole situation through, you’d realize why your 
grandfather had to keep it a secret. What do you think would happen if he were to 
announce that someone had been killed by our enemy in what’s supposed to be the 
safest location on the continent?” Art said, his gaze unrelenting.
“Well, I’m sorry that not everyone is as smart as you!” I retorted.
Art’s gaze softened. “You’re only seventeen, Tess—”
“And you’re only sixteen. Yet Grandpa, Master Aldir, and even Master Cynthia have 
never treated you like a kid, even though you’re younger than me,” I argued.
“If they see me as an adult, that’s something they’ve come to realize on their own. I 
haven’t been deliberately trying to prove it,” he answered.
“How is that even fair?” I choked back a sob. “You get to do what you want because 
you’re good enough, but no matter how hard I try or what I accomplish, I’ll always be 
some damsel in need of protection!”
“That’s not it, Tessia. Your grandfather and I—”
“What?” I cut in, my face numb with anger. “You want me cooped up and isolated from 
anything potentially dangerous or distressing so badly that you can’t even tell me my 
own master was killed? Or is it because—”
“Because if we told you, the first thing you’d try to do is find the Vritra that killed 
Cynthia so you could take revenge, and get yourself killed!” Arthur exploded.
This was the first time I had ever heard him raise his voice to this extent. It stunned 
not just me and Grandpa, but even the guard standing outside.
“You… you don’t know that,” I denied.
“Don’t I?” Arthur pressed. “Because I know for a fact that you acting this way isn’t 
because Virion didn’t tell you about Director Goodsky dying. You’re not mad at him, 
you’re mad at yourself for leaving your master to go prove to everyone how strong and 
helpful you’d be to the war.”
“This isn’t about…” But I couldn’t finish my sentence. I broke down, falling to my knees 
and sobbing uncontrollably.
“Arthur! I think you’ve said enough,” my grandpa growled. “Guard. Escort him out.”
I didn’t look up as Art left. I didn’t know what kind of expression he had on his face, or 
whether he was sorry. It was too much.
“Tessia. Let’s take some time together to pay our respects to Cynthia. I’m sure that, 
instead of having millions of people at a ceremony, she’d rather have the few she truly 
cherished mourning for her.”
Mustering up a shaky nod, I whispered hoarsely, “Thank you.” We both turned to face 
the smooth stone casket that my master resided in. Waves of emotion continued to 
toss and turn within me.
Grandpa knelt down beside me, gently stroking my trembling back. “After this, I’ll tell 
you everything.”
GREY
“I understand your problem, Grey, but I’m not sure I’m the best person to help you 
with this,” the headmaster said. “No matter how lacking your ki pool may be compared 
to most kids your age, you’re still a child with plenty of time for that to change. 
However, and I say this as a general life lesson, if you find yourself lacking in resources, 
save what you have for when you need it the most.”
I pondered over her cryptic solution to my ki problem.
“Thank you, Headmaster Wilbeck,” I grinned before heading out the door.
“Oh, and Grey?” the headmaster called from behind her desk.
I halted, peeking my head around the doorway. “Yes?”
“How is Cecilia getting along with you and Nico?”
“Well…” I paused. “Besides her little accidents, I’d say we’re slowly getting through to 
her.”
“She hasn’t said a word to you two, has she?” Headmaster Wilbeck sighed.
“Nope. Not a single one.”
“Very well. I really do hope you keep trying to break her out of her shell, though. If 
anyone can do it, it’s you two.”
I came back into her office. “Headmaster?”
“Hmm?”
“Why are you pushing so hard for us to be friends with Cecilia?” I asked.
The headmaster’s lips curled into a gentle smile as she stood up from her chair. “That, 
my child, is a story that I’m hoping she’ll tell you herself.”
“I mean, she looks normal enough, but everyone’s scared of her because of those 
accidents, even though they only happen every once in a while.” I scratched my head. 
“Not that Nico and I are scared or anything but… you know. A few kids have been sent 
to the infirmary because of her, so I just thought it’d be better to know more to help 
her.”
Walking around her desk, Headmaster Wilbeck tousled my hair. “Your job isn’t to help 
her; it’s to be her friend. Let me take care of helping her.”
“Yes, Mother.” I saluted.
The headmaster’s gentle, downturned eyes widened in surprise at my words.
“It’s Headmaster Olivia or Headmaster Wilbeck to you, Grey.” Her voice was firm but 
her eyes betrayed her.
I didn’t want to leave. I wanted to stay in her office and help her with the pile of papers 
that never seemed to diminish, but I knew she would never let me. Like a broken 
record, she always said that it was her job, not mine.
Dragging my feet as I left the small office, I trudged down the hall toward my room.
I often imagined my life as Headmaster Wilbeck’s son. Her stern, yet loving voice 
scolding me every time I got into trouble. I’d do what I could to help her around the 
house: do the dishes, take out the trash, mow the lawn. And when she came home, I’d 
massage her shoulders, which she always seemed to be rubbing.
Nico said it was weird for me to want to do so much for her, saying it was usually a 
daughter’s job to spoil the mother, but I didn’t agree. If I had a mother like Headmaster 
Wilbeck, I’d make sure to pamper her. I’d help dye the white streaks of her brown hair, 
and once I was old enough I’d make a lot of money and buy her fancy clothes, and even 
a car and house.
Maybe that was the difference between someone who had known their parents, like 
Nico, and someone like me. I didn’t have a single memory of what my parents looked 
like. Nico hated his parents; just the mention of his last name, Sever, would set him off 
like a fuse. But I didn’t even have a surname. For me, there was an odd comfort 
imagining myself as Grey Wilbeck, son of Olivia Wilbeck.
The sharp creak of the floorboard underneath my feet snapped me out of my fantasy, 
and Ipuffed out a long, defeated breath. I kneeled down over the old, misaligned 
floorboard and snapped it back into place. Testing the floor with my feet, I gave a 
satisfied nod at the plank’s silence.
A group of kids came running through the hall, chasing one another. “Grey! I’m going 
to tag you!” a little girl named Theda giggled as she skirted toward me with her arms 
stretched out.
“Oh yeah?” I stuck out my tongue. “I bet you’re not!”
Theda accepted the challenge and picked up her pace. As soon as she was within 
range, she swiped at my waist, hoping to grab my shirt, but I easily twirled out of reach.
I laughed victoriously. “You’re going to have to try harder than—”
I swayed to my right, just in time to avoid Odo’s hand.
The rest of the kids Theda had been playing with joined in, deciding that they were all 
“it” in this impromptu game of tag.
The boys and girls flocked toward me with arms stretched wide to cover more ground, 
but I easily dipped and weaved around them. They flailed desperately and tried to use 
every part of their bodies in hopes of tagging me, but it was useless.
Finally Theda and her friends got smart and circled around me, slowly closing in on 
me as they giggled excitedly. Once they got close enough, they got impatient and 
sprang at me.
But just as they were about to touch me, I jumped up, grabbing the broken chain that 
had supported the old chandelier before it had to be sold. Using the momentum of my 
leap, I swung from the chain, gripping tightly so I wouldn’t slip.
Theda, Odo, and their friends bumbled amongst themselves, surprised to have missed 
their target.
Launching myself from the old chain, I landed a few feet away and planted my hands 
on my hips, laughing victoriously. “You guys are five years too young to best the mighty 
Grey!”
“Not fair,” Odo groaned, rubbing his head.
“Yeah! You’re too fast,” Theda agreed, prying herself out of the tangle of kids.
“Shush. Only weaklings complain when facing defeat,” I said, deepening my voice. 
“Now off I go! My heroic powers are needed elsewhere.”
I dashed away as the kids laughed amongst themselves.
“The mighty Grey has arrived!” I announced, opening the door to my room.
“Yeah, yeah. Close the door on your way in,” Nico replied, not even turning to look at 
me. He was fumbling with something on his cluttered bed.
“The kids are more fun than you,” I said, and clicked my tongue. “What are you doing 
anyway?”
Nico held up his right hand, covered in a fuzzy black glove. He had a proud grin on his 
face.
“You’re into knitting now?” I asked with a smirk, reaching for the glove.
Nico stretched out his gloved hand, gripping my forearm. A sudden wave of pain, like 
an intense muscle cramp, radiated up my arm from Nico’s grasp. My roommate 
immediately let go, but he had a smug look pasted on his face. “Never underestimate 
the power of knitting.”
“What the hell?” My gaze shifted from his glove to my sore arm and back again.
“Pretty neat, right?” Nico stared contentedly at his gloved hand. “After the run-in with 
those thugs, I was researching a way to defend myself in case something like that ever 
happened again. And after compiling the notes I took on a rather interesting book I 
found about ki-conducting materials, I was able to design this glove.”
“How does it work? Why did my arm suddenly cramp up when you grabbed me?” I 
asked, my fingers itching to grab hold of Nico’s newest creation.
“It’s pretty cool, actually,” Nico said, slapping my hand away. “There are these 
microfibers on the palm of the gloves that can conduct ki to a certain degree. The 
microfibers lengthen in reaction to my ki and reach into the muscles when I grab 
someone. There’s a small conducting stone on the inside of the glove that harnesses 
the ki I emit, and it shoots out through the microfibers and into my enemy’s muscle. 
In this case, it was your arm.”
“That is pretty neat, but why don’t you just learn how to fight like me?”
“First of all, you never learned to fight. And I need to have toys like these because, 
unlike someone,”—his eyes darted to me—“I don’t have the reflexes of some primitive 
carnivore. If I had to say, my reflexes range somewhere between a sloth and a turtle.”
I chortled at the comparison. “Well, the glove looks useful and all, but it seems like it’d 
only buy you some time,” I pointed out, flexing my cramped hand.
“Yup. And another downside is that the microfibers are expensive, and don’t last very 
long.” Nico said as he took off the fuzzy black glove. “I spent some of the money we got 
from pawning the jewelry to buy the materials.”
I looked at the stacks of books piled all over his side of the room. “I’m sure you’ll think 
of some way around it. How did you get the rest of the money to the headmaster?”
“Ah! I gave it to a guy I know. He gave it to Headmaster Wilbeck as a ‘generous 
donation’ in return for a percentage as his cut.”
I groaned. “How much of the money actually ended up in the orphanage anyway? With 
you buying your books and material and giving a cut to ‘a guy you know,’ I doubt even 
half of it made it to the headmaster.”
“I didn’t have any other choice. No way in hell would Olivia take money from us. She’d 
just start bombarding us with questions.”
“It’s Headmaster Wilbeck,” I corrected, thumping my friend’s head.
“Besides, I got a few books that you can use too. Check it out!” Nico exclaimed, using 
his thumb to indicate the small pile of books behind him.
“Oh!” I could feel my eyes light up as I reached for the books. “Very well. This 
magnimous gentleman will forgive you.”
“It’s magnanimous,” Nico said, shaking his head.
Unable to think of a witty comeback, I decided to let it go. Just then, the room began 
shaking.
I groaned. “Don’t tell me—”
“Yup, Cecilia again. She’s having another accident,” Nico said.
We remained in our beds while the rhythmless waves of shaking continued. “It’s 
longer than usual this time,” I pointed out.
Nico got up and put on his glove. “Let’s go check it out.”
“It’s dangerous! Remember what happened to that volunteer who tried to hold her 
down?”
“Yeah. He couldn’t even make it near her. He was a bear of a man, too.” Nico shook his 
head at the painful memory. “I just can’t stand having to wait like this until she passes 
out. I can’t imagine how much it’s hurting her.”
I got up with a resigned sigh, ready to join him; then a thought struck me. “You like her, 
don’t you?”
“No way! I don’t even know the girl.”
I didn’t respond, but couldn’t help the smile creeping onto my face.
Nico’s brows twitched. “All right, I just think she’s a little pretty. That’s all!”
“Mhmm.” I dodged a slap from my friend.
Pieces of broken plaster fell from the ceiling, raining down the hallway as the entire 
orphanage shook.
On our way to Cecilia’s room, I spotted Theda and Odo hiding underneath the dining 
table with some of the younger children.
Veering left at the end of the hallway, Nico and I stopped in front of an iron door that 
stood isolated, away from all the other rooms in the giant house. Headmaster Wilbeck 
was already there, with a few of the adult volunteers who helped clean and maintain 
the orphanage.
The shaking had intensified. One of the volunteers, Randall—a kind and burly man in 
his prime, who helped out with the garden—prepared to go inside while another 
worker tried to open the heavy door.
But with the intensity of this episode, there was no way Randall would be able to make 
it to Cecilia. Snatching the glove off of Nico’s hand, I bolted for the door.
“Wha—Grey!” Nico called out.
Before anyone had a chance to react, I zipped past Randall and into the room as soon 
as the door opened. Once inside, I sidestepped on instinct, barely dodging a force that 
sent Randall crashing against the corridor wall.
I had heard about Cecelia’s peculiarity, but going against it head-on made the stories 
seem like bedtime tales.
Bracing myself, I ran toward the center of the large room where Cecilia lay convulsing. 
A look of panic struck her face when she spotted me. The mysterious girl Headmaster 
Wilbeck had brought in was an irregularity amongst ki users. Even the most capable 
practitioner would, at most, be able to produce a small gust of energy with his ki, but 
Cecilia’s ki pool was so vast that she was able to send torrents of ki.
But she wasn’t able to control it, and from what I’d heard the others say, the outbursts 
of ki were caused by even the slightest disturbance of her emotions.
While many ki users would consider this power a gift, for a teenage girl like her, I could 
only see it as a curse.
Going solely on instinct, I awkwardly dodged the blasts of ki that shot at me. One hit 
and I would be unconscious at the very least.
Cold sweat rolled down my face as I played tag with a near-invisible force that had the 
power to break my bones like a twig.
I felt a slight breeze and rolled instinctively to my left, narrowly dodging another burst 
of ki. A loud thud resounded on the wall behind me where it struck.
I stretched out my gloved hand, hoping I would be able to reach Cecilia, but my 
instincts kicked in once more and I jumped clumsily to the right. Another thud echoed 
behind me.
“You can’t!” Cecilia said through gritted teeth. “You’ll get h-hurt.”
She was lying on her bed, which had been demolished; pillow stuffing and mattress 
foam lay scattered around the floor. I began crawling toward her, immediately rolling 
when I felt another burst of ki coming. This time, though, the edge of the blast 
managed to skim my right arm.
I restrained my shout and forced myself to crawl faster, ignoring my throbbing arm. 
Desperately reaching out with my left hand, I willed as much ki as I could muster into 
the glove Nico had made and prayed that my idea would work.
I placed my palm just above Cecilia’s stomach, where her ki center was. Exerting all 
my ki, I felt Nico’s glove throb.
Cecilia gave a pained gasp, her almond-shaped eyes growing wide, then closing as she 
fell unconscious. Locks of her blonde hair fell over her face and her flushed cheeks 
began draining back to their original creamy color.
I tried to stand up, but my body refused to listen. I had overexerted my ki.
How pitiful, I thought, before joining Cecilia in her slumber.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“Sir! Please, wake up!” An unfamiliar voice startled me awake, dragging me out of the 
unwanted memories in my dreams.
My vision focused and I was able to make out the shape of a woman, her features cast 
into shadow by the light behind her. “Sir! I’m begging you. Please, we need you bathed 
and prepared for Commander Virion’s speech!”
The handmaid shook my arm gently, but I turned away from her, still half asleep.
“Move out of the way. I’ll wake him up,” a familiar voice grunted, and a loud crackle 
resounded from its direction.
I immediately sprang to my feet, catching the projectile of lightning in my hand.
“Bairon. A displeasure to see you again,” I said sharply. I was still in a foul mood from 
my argument with Tessia yesterday.
“I see you’ve learned some new tricks,” Bairon responded, his hand still outstretched.
It had been over two years since I had last seen the blonde Lance. He hadn’t changed 
much, except that he had cut his hair short and the scowl on his face was even harsher.
“Don’t you know it’s dishonorable to attack someone from behind?” I asked, hopping 
off my bed.
“Well, we’re at war,” he shrugged, then turned to head out the door. “Now get changed. 
The rest of the Lances are already at the teleportation gate.”
I watched as Bairon, whose brother I had killed, walked out of my room. He and I 
would always have our differences, but I understood what he meant when he said that 
we were at war: both of us were invaluable.
The handmaid timidly approached me. “Sir, please. I hate to keep nagging but—”
“It’s all right, Rosa. I just got direct consent from Commander Virion to speed up the 
process,” another, much bulkier handmaid interrupted as she stomped in, pulling a 
large cart covered by a sheet.
The handmaid named Rosa glanced back and forth between her coworker and me. 
“Are you sure, Milda? I don’t think we should do anything to offend—”
Milda held up a meaty finger to silence her associate. She then turned to me with a 
stern gaze as she began rolling up the sleeves of her blouse. “Now, sir, if you’re not in 
the mood or you’re not capable of washing yourself, I’ll be more than happy to get into 
the shower with you and wash you.”
I inadvertently took a horrified step back. “No, no. I’m very much in the mood to wash 
myself.”
“Very good,” she said. “After you wash, please dress in this set of armor Lord Aldir 
prepared for the speech today.”
Milda dramatically removed the sheet from the cart she had brought in, revealing a 
mannequin dressed in a stunning suit of armor—which I would soon be wearing.
“I look ridiculous,” I grumbled, hobbling closer to the mirror to study myself.
The plated armor was gaudy and inefficient in design. My chest and shoulders were 
protected by silver pauldrons and a gorget that reached up to my chin, allowing for 
only minimal movement of my neck. Even more restricting, my hip and thighs were 
guarded by tassets that prohibited me from raising my legs. The subtle detailings on 
my gauntlets and greaves matched those on the breastplate, and a blazing red cape fell 
down to the back of my knees, covering the large, decorative sword strapped to my 
lower back.
“You look awe-inspiring, sir,” the timid handmaid said as she began tying up my hair.
“Anyone who can fight proficiently while wearing this death trap deserves my respect,” 
I replied, trying to lift my arms above my shoulders.
‘Well, at least you’ll look impressive to the crowd,’ Sylvie pointed out from my bed, still 
half-asleep.
Zip it! You’re lucky I’m not making you wear any armor, I shot back.
‘My scales are my armor.’ Sylvie arched her back, stretching like a cat as she nimbly 
hopped off the bed.
“There! All done,” the handmaid announced, carefully placing a golden band to secure 
my hair in place. “Your armor isn’t just majestic to look at; I see it has protective runes 
engraved into it as well.”
“I understand the armor, but must I wear this sword? I have one of my own, and it’s a 
pretty nice one too.” I took Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring.
The timid handmaid touched her short brown hair, and her eyes shifted away 
uncomfortably. “It’s… it’s very pretty, sir, but—”
“It’s too thin! It doesn’t make you look powerful!” the bear-like handmaid cut in, firmly 
securing my pauldrons with her meaty hands. “Perfect. You’re good to go!”
I gazed down at my teal-bladed sword, masterfully forged by an eccentric asura, and 
slid it back into its sheath. Then, with a deep breath, I put it back into my dimension 
ring.
As I walked stiffly out of the room, Sylvie, still reluctant to speak out loud unless we 
were completely alone, chirped in my head. ‘I bet your new armor is really going to 
impress the crowd.’
I’m hoping to stay on the sidelines through this whole speech. I know Virion wanted all 
the main players here today to raise morale, but I think the Lances are enough for that,
I sent back as we made our way down the empty hallway.
The residents and most of the workers inside the castle had been allowed in earlier 
this morning so they could find a seat in the crowd. I hadn’t gotten a chance to see my 
family today, but they’d left a message with the timid handmaid saying they looked 
forward to seeing me up on the balcony.
‘I can’t believe Virion decided to hold the speech at Etistin, though. Isn’t that where the 
Alacryan ships are heading?’ Sylvie sounded concerned from her spot, nestled on my 
shoulder.
I think it makes sense. It’s a bit of a wild card, but if done right—and I’m sure that’s what 
Virion is shooting for—the crowd will see our force as much more imposing up close than 
their ships from afar.
‘I guess.’
Even walking down the stairs was a task in the bulky armor, and I became more and 
more tempted to just jump down the center of the spiral staircase, regardless of who 
might inconveniently be at the bottom.
The sharp ringing of my metal greaves on the stone pathway echoed throughout the 
narrow corridor, alerting the two guards stationed at the teleportation chamber 
entrance to my approach. When I reached the familiar iron doors, each guard 
welcomed me with a courteous bow before they began unlocking the imposing 
entranceway to the circular room.
“Everyone is waiting inside,” the augmenter guard announced. Then he slid open the 
metal door, revealing the central figures of this war.
It was an impressive sight. Bairon Wykes, Varay Aurae, and Aya Grephin, the three 
remaining Lances, were clad in decorated white armor just as gaudy as mine. Closest 
to the teleportation gate, Virion had shed his black mourning robe, replacing it with a 
lavish olive tunic that draped down past his knees over a pair of silken white trousers. 
The tunic’s adornment made it clear he was a noble; it was trimmed in ornate golden 
embroidery to match the golden sash wrapped around his waist. A bronze circlet lay 
snugly just above his brows, and his hair fell loosely over his shoulders in a curtain of 
white.
Standing adjacent to the commander, the pinnacle of authority in this war, were his 
son and daughter-in-law, Alduin and Merial Eralith, Tessia’s parents.
Alduin wore a silver tunic of similar design and decoration to his father’s, while Merial 
wore an elegant silver dress obviously meant to match her husband’s outfit.
“Look who finally decided to show up,” Virion said with an approving nod as he gazed 
at my attire.
“Commander Virion.” I dipped my head respectfully, then turned toward Tess’s 
parents. “King Alduin, Queen Merial. It’s been a while.”
“That it has,” Alduin smiled, rubbing his chin as he regarded me with a scrutinizing 
eye. Merial responded with only a faint nod.
I then turned to Blaine and Priscilla Glayder, the former King and Queen of Sapin.
“King Blaine and Queen Priscilla. It’s been even longer,” I said with a polite smile, 
bowing as much as my armor would allow.
Blaine had aged since the last time I had seen him. More streaks of grey lined his mane 
of fiery maroon hair. His silken black tunic, underneath large gunmetal pauldrons that 
covered his shoulders and collar, gave him an intimidating aura. His wife, Priscilla, on 
the other hand, had chosen to wear a fluttery black dress, heavily embroidered with 
delicate silver flowers in a metallic thread that twinkled as it caught the light. Her 
black hair that glimmered in a hue of blue was tied up, exposing her neck, which 
seemed almost pure white in contrast to her dark attire.
The two kings and queens couldn’t have seemed more different from each other, but 
each of them carried an air of dignity that I knew could only stun the crowd waiting 
for them.
“You’ve grown,” Merial pointed out, her sharp eyes seeming to look through me rather 
than at me.
“Growing comes with age,” I replied.
“Of course it does,” Blaine grunted. “And you’ll continue to grow, not just in height but 
in strength, which is what I need from one of my best soldiers.”
I glanced back at Bairon and Varay, Blaine’s Lances, and shook my head. “Regardless 
of my roots or race, with a war of this scale, I’d like to consider myself a soldier to this 
continent.”
“It’s finally nice to you meet you, Arthur.” An elderly dwarf who had been standing 
alongside Virion and the two kings and queens stepped forward, getting between 
Blaine and me as he extended a hand.
Though he only came up to my sternum, he stood ramrod straight with his shoulders 
squared, making him seem taller than he actually was. A scar ran down the left side of 
his face, going through his closed left eye and all the way down to his jaw. However, 
the eye that was open exuded a gentle quality, belying his rugged appearance.
I accepted his large hand, noticing the sandpaper-like texture of his palms. “I apologize 
for my ignorance, but I don’t think I’ve had the pleasure of meeting you.”
“No, we haven’t met,” he chuckled. “But I’ve heard quite a bit about you from the letters 
Elijah has sent back. I am Rahdeas.”
My eyes widened in recognition. “You’re—”
“Yes. I’ve been Elijah’s guardian since he was an infant.” He looked at me with a solemn 
smile that sent a sharp pain through my chest.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t get there in time to help him,” I said, lowering my gaze.
Rahdeas shook his head. “It’s not your fault. That child was always a magnet for trouble.”
Clasping his hand in both of mine, I stared straight into his eye. “If he’s still alive, I’ll 
bring him back to you. I give you my word.”
“Thank you,” he whispered, letting go of my hands, which somehow seemed so fragile 
now.
Virion spoke into the silence. “Rahdeas is the new delegate for the dwarves. We’ll be 
going on ahead first,” he said. “The gatekeeper will receive my transmission and signal 
you to go through when the time is right.”
The six of them walked through the gate, and the teleportation room became silent. I 
made a mental note to spend some more time with Rahdeas. I was curious as to what 
young Elijah had been like, and about the man who had raised him.
I felt a light tap on my shoulder—or rather, I heard a light tap on my shoulder plate. 
Turning around, I came face to face with the elven Lance they called Phantasm.
“We’ve seen each other before, but I’ve never given you the pleasure of introducing 
myself.” She smiled coyly, tucking her wavy black hair behind her ear as she dangled a 
hand for me to accept. “My name is Aya Grephin.”
There was something off about her voice—an enticing timbre of faint sweetness, 
spoken at a volume that made you want to lean closer to hear what she had to say. 
Everything from the allure in her voice to the way she carried herself made her seem 
irresistible. Every motion she made with her hands and fingers made my eyes focus 
on them, but it didn’t feel natural. I felt the magic in her voice.
“Well then,” I said with a smile, taking a step back. “It’s a pleasure being formally 
introduced, Aya Grephin.” I knew she was waiting for a kiss on the back of her hand, 
but I grabbed it and shook it instead.
“I hope we can get along,” she said, her smile unwavering as she snatched her hand 
back. As I watched her turn around and stride back to her original spot, hips swaying, 
I began to grow uneasy.
Aside from her conspicuous seductiveness, I knew the remaining elf Lance was no joke 
just from being near her. I had seen for myself that Varay was stronger than Bairon, 
but I’d yet to see Aya fight. From what I’d been told, she was supposedly one of the 
deadliest of the Lances. Now, having been up close to her and having her stare at me, 
it was clear those claims weren’t baseless.
Varay, who had been silently studying me, finally spoke. “I see your training has gone 
well. You’ve just stepped out of the initiate silver stage and into mid-silver.”
In contrast to Aya, Varay held herself in a very reserved and dignified manner. I noticed 
that she had cut her long white hair off—it came to just past her neck now. Her bangs 
were pinned to the side, revealing a scar just above her right brow, small enough to be 
missed if you weren’t looking closely. Her dark brown eyes were sharp and her brows 
seemed to be perpetually furrowed as she continued peering at me.
Sylvie hunched over, baring her small fangs at the Lance. It’s okay, Sylv. She’s an ally, 
remember?
“I’ve yet a long way to go if I want to get into white stage,” I said to Varay, prying my 
eyes away from her intense gaze.
“Not as long as you might think,” the white-haired Lance responded.
“What does you—”
“Gatekeeper! How much longer are we to wait?” Bairon interrupted, impatiently 
tapping his armor-clad foot on the ground.
The elderly gatekeeper flinched. “General Bairon, Commander Virion has not—Ah! I 
just received word from him now. Please enter!”
Bairon made his way toward the teleportation gate first, apparently eager to be free 
from either the confines of the chamber or the company of the other Lances. I 
understood how he felt.
‘Well, that was uncomfortable,’ Sylvie thought.
Tell me about it. I motioned for Aya and Varay to go ahead of me. The curvy elf threw 
me a wink as she swayed past, while Varay’s expression remained stony.
As I stepped through the teleportation gate, the scene around me blurred. Upon 
arrival, I cringed at the sudden difference in noise level. Cheers erupted from below, 
and the floor trembled beneath us.
We had arrived in a large rectangular room that led out to a spacious balcony where 
Virion and the kings and queens stood, waving down at the crowd. They weren’t 
alone—next to the adults were Tess, Curtis, and Kathyln, all waving at the immense 
crowd which I could see even from where I stood.
“Please, Generals, be ready to go on Commander Virion’s signal,” a thin handmaid 
instructed as she tidied Aya’s hair, which had been blown back by the frigid ocean 
wind.
“Generals?” I looked at the handmaid in confusion.
“Arthur, Lady Sylvie, I see you are finally here,” a familiar voice called from behind me.
Looking back over my shoulder, I spotted Aldir. He was seated in front of a tea set, a 
cup in his hand while his third eye stared at me.
“And I see that you’re staying in the shadows,” I greeted the asura as Sylvie dipped her 
head in a nod.
“That is my job,” he said, holding up his cup in a solitary toast.
“Well, can you tell me what my job is right now? Because I’m not a Lance, which means 
I’m not a general.”
“Patience. You just have to wait five seconds,” he said, pouring himself another cup 
from the pot.
The cheers had died down by now as Virion began speaking. “Many of you have 
traveled far to be here, and that fills me with pride. As I’m sure you have noticed, 
standing beside me are your leaders, the very people who have protected this 
continent and the ones who will protect us in the future.”
Another wave of cheers erupted as Rahdeas, the Glayder family, and the Eralith family 
waved once more.
“However, while these are the heroes you see in the light, there are heroes in the 
shadows who constantly risk their lives to fight for this continent. I’d like you all to 
help me welcome the Lances of Dicathen!”
Varay, Aya, and Bairon marched out to the edge of the balcony with their heads held 
high and shoulders square. Virion and the royal families turned to greet them.
An even louder ovation exploded as the three Lances came into view. The chaotic array 
of shouts and cheers soon became a collective chant that grew louder and louder: 
“Lance-ES, Lance-ES, Lance-ES.”
After several moments of chanting, Virion raised a hand, silencing the hundreds of 
thousands—if not millions—of people immediately.
“Everyone! We are in a time of war,” Virion spoke sternly after a moment of silence. “I 
know that half of the Lances are absent, and that is not by mistake. Some are in the 
middle of a mission and were not able to come.”
I exchanged glances with Aldir at Virion’s lie, but I made no remark. I knew what the 
revelation that one of the Lances had already been killed would do to the crowd.
Virion continued. “The Lances have constantly shed blood and tears to keep Dicathen 
safe, but in these uncertain times we can no longer rely only on the strong. We must
fight together in order to keep our homes safe.
“At the inauguration of the Lances almost four years ago, we made a promise that the 
title of Lance would not be limited by birth or status, but could only be earned through 
hard work, talent, and strength. Today is the dawning of a new era, and with that new 
era come new heroes. One such hero has been discovered and is here with us today. 
Please, welcome with me, our newest Lance: Arthur Leywin!”
Virion, Rahdeas, the Lances, and both royal families all turned to me as I walked 
toward the balcony edge. The applause rose to a deafening crescendo at my 
appearance. Virion waited for me at the very end.
Bairon’s and Varay’s expressions were callous as they let me pass, but Aya’s lips curled 
into a coy smile and she nodded approvingly.
Tess gave me a sharp look—I assumed she was still upset from yesterday’s argument
—while Kathyln’s eyes creased in a rare smile. Her brother, Curtis, waved while his 
parents and the rest of the central figures on the balcony joined the crowd’s applause.
I stepped out into the open. The morning sun shone brightly overhead, covering the 
world below in a blanket of light. As my eyes adjusted, I marveled at the sight.
The people gathered there—humans, elves, and dwarves alike—stretched as far as I 
could see, as if they were touching the horizon. They clustered tightly, hoping to get 
even an inch closer to their continent’s leaders. The excitement, respect, and jubilance 
in the air could be felt all the way up here.
“What?” Virion said, smiling warmly. “Never had a crowd of over a million people 
cheer for you?”
I simply shook my head and smiled, remembering how many times I had experienced 
just that in my past life. “Was this your idea?”
“Why? Are you angry?” Virion turned to the crowd, nudging me forward so the people 
below could get a better view of me.
“If it was anyone other than you behind this, I would be.”
“Good. Now keep smiling and wave at them. They can see you on a wide-scale projection 
behind us.”
Taking a quick glance at the enormous screen behind me, I thought of Emily Watsken, 
who had disclosed to me in class one day that she was the one who had designed this 
artifact. I raised an arm and waved to the masses, Sylvie following suit atop my 
shoulder.
The thundering cheers slowly softened to a buzz of excitement as everyone stepped 
back from the balcony railing except Virion and me. “Now,” he said after removing the 
voice-amplifying artifact clipped to his collar. “You wouldn’t happen to have a speech 
ready about the upcoming war, would you?”
“You’re kidding me, right?” I struggled to maintain a calm smile.
“I want you to be the one who presents the announcement,” Virion said, his voice 
unwavering as he handed the artifact to me.
“Virion. I can’t.” My voice faltered as I looked at the people below, waiting excitedly for 
someone to speak. “I wasn’t even prepared to be offered a position as a Lance, let alone 
give a speech as one.”
“I didn’t want you to prepare. These are your people, Arthur. You grew up among them 
and they’ll listen to you with much more openness and empathy than if some spoonfed 
noble spoke.”
“That’s only if I deliver a well-thought-out speech,” I argued. I turned to shake Virion’s 
hand, an attempt to delay the inevitable.
“I trust you. Just speak from your heart.” Virion stepped back as the trickle of cheers 
turned into an anxious silence.
Even the closest people in the crowd were no larger than the nail of my thumb from 
where I was standing, but I was still able to spot my parents among them, and my 
sister, who was riding atop Boo’s large shoulder.
I was completely unprepared, but my apprehension dwindled as I locked eyes with my 
mother. Even with my augmented vision, I was barely able to make out the gentle smile 
on her face, but that was enough.
I knew what to say.
Letting out a deep breath, I stood at the edge of the castle balcony and turned on the 
voice-amplifying artifact.
A loud buzz sounded, telling me the artifact was now on. I took another step forward 
so I was leaning on the balcony rail, and waited patiently for the fresh round of cheers 
to subside.
“Despite my age,” I began, “I’ve read countless books on this continent’s history and 
economy. Yet, none of those books explain what makes a citizen love their country. 
Some historians have speculated that it’s simply because they were born there that 
they have a natural inclination toward their homeland. One author by the name of 
Jespik Lempter argues that there is an intricate trickledown effect that starts with the 
leaders being able to provide for their people, and continues down to parents being 
able to feed their children. As long as that flow of security in livelihood is maintained, 
he states, natural loyalty to the providing country is sustained.
“I tell you this because I disagree with both claims. I choose to believe that loyalty isn’t 
a calculated decision by the citizens, nor should it be diminished by the assumption 
that loyalty is framed purely by the accident of our births. Loyalty to one’s country is 
born of mutual respect between a country’s leadership and its people; from the 
support of friends, neighbors, and strangers; from the promise to protect one another 
and progress together. Perhaps it is presumptuous to even try defining the term, as we 
each carry in our heart our own definition, just as we each show loyalty to our country 
in our own way.
“But one thing is certain: Loyalty is always easier when times are easy. It’s easy to 
cheer for your king when your children are well-fed and your land is prosperous. It’s 
easy to rally behind an army when you know it’s going to win. But it is unlikely that 
this war will be easy. Your loyalty to this country—to this entire continent—will be 
tested. There will be times when you’ll be faced with a choice between dying with your
people or hoping to live with your enemies.” The atmosphere among the crowd 
darkened as my voice fell into a whisper, but I continued.
“The fact that I’m up here right now speaks for the choice I’m going to make when that 
time comes for me—and it isn’t because of my title as a Lance. My loyalty wasn’t 
bought, but neither was it freely given. My loyalty to this continent, and to everyone 
on it, was nurtured during my childhood in the countryside, then as an adventurer, a 
student, and then a teacher. Now, it’ll be proven as a Lance.
“Sure, Dicathen and its leaders have their flaws, but what no one can say is that they 
haven’t tried. The joining of the three kingdoms to form the Council would’ve been 
unheard of only a few generations ago, yet the leaders of the three races put aside their 
pride and differences to unite, to share their resources with one another, in order to 
better the lives of all who live here. While discrimination may still exist, this land we 
live in belongs to all of us.
“Just beyond this city is an army—over a hundred ships approaching our shores. 
We’ve been given the option to either give up the lives of all the royal families who 
have served this continent in exchange for our enemy taking our land without a fight, 
or to proceed with this war on a greater, much more devastating scale.
“Commander Virion was ready to give up his own life to protect this continent—to 
protect you—but I said it wasn’t his call. This doesn’t only affect his and his family’s 
lives, but the lives of everyone here.”
I turned around and motioned for Virion and everyone else to come forward. “I would 
rather fight and risk dying for the life I’ve come to love here than betray my brethren 
in hopes of a promise that our enemies—enemies who have already separated 
families—may or may not keep.
“But I dare not speak for everyone on this continent. The only thing I can say with full 
confidence is that, if given the chance, every one of us up here will fight to our last 
breath to protect Dicathen from the likes of those who dare invade us.”
It was utter quiet for what seemed like hours until a single voice broke the silence.
“Long live Dicathen!”
That single proclamation set off an eruption. As if the crowd had choreographed their 
cheer, a thundering chant began, shaking the ground and the very castle we stood in.
“Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen. Long live Dicathen!”
I turned off the voice-amplifying artifact and gave a deep breath of relief. Sylvie 
hopped off my shoulder, and as the cheer grew to its climax, my bond transformed 
from her pearly fox form into that of an almighty dragon.
When she spread her wings, I realized once again how much she had grown over the 
years. Her wingspan surpassed the width of the balcony, and gales blasted down on 
the crowd with each beat of her black wings.
While I was startled that she would reveal herself now, and without giving me any 
notice, I played along. I unsheathed the giant sword on my back and held it high in the 
air, just as my bond faced the sky and let loose a thunderous roar that drowned out all 
other noise, resounding from the stones around us and out over the gathered crowd, 
instilling fear and awe in all who heard.
Sylvie’s theatrics immediately intensified the crowd’s chanting, and an even louder 
cheer erupted at our powerful display.
I turned back around to see wide eyes staring at me after this turn of events.
“I thought you didn’t have anything prepared,” Virion said with a raised brow.
I shrugged in response as Sylvie shrank back to her pup form and hopped onto my 
shoulder. “I improvised.”
‘I did good, right?’ Sylvie chirped in my mind.
You got the message across, show-off, I replied, tousling the fur on my bond’s little head.
Curtis came up to me, beaming in excitement. “That last bit was terrific. I mean, I heard 
that Sylvie was a dragon from the students who were at school when we were attacked 
but…”
The prince gazed wistfully between Sylvie and me, then he stepped forward to wave 
at the captivated mass roaring our names.
After several minutes of receiving the crowd’s cheers, we headed back into the castle. 
As I slowly retreated, I saw Tess striding off, heading for the teleportation gate we had 
come from, without a word to any of us.
“I take it that Tessia is still mad at me?” I asked Virion, who was walking alongside me.
“Mad, frustrated, annoyed, offended—I’m not sure which, but I do know that whatever 
she’s feeling towards you, it isn’t good,” he said, holding back a chuckle. “Now, I’m sure 
you have some things to take care of with your family, but I need you back at the castle 
as soon as you’re done.”
“I’ll be back as soon as I send my parents off, but I’m still not sure whether it’d be best 
to keep my sister here or have her go with my parents,” I said.
“There are quite a few mothers and children who are going to be in the castle. Some 
of them are even teachers at magic academies, so it might be beneficial for her to stay, 
but only if she’s okay with being separated from you and your parents,” he noted.
“Yeah, you have a point. I’ll try to convince her.”
Virion nodded as he dug into the inside pocket of his robe. “There’s one last thing you 
need to think about.”
He pulled his hand out and opened it in front of me to reveal a black coin the size of 
his palm. The coin glimmered at the slightest movement, drawing my attention to the 
complex engravings etched all over it. “This is one of the artifacts that were handed 
down to me. I had given them both to my son when I resigned from the throne, but 
after Alea’s death, he gave this one back to me, saying I should choose the next Lance.”
I stood there silently for a moment, mesmerized by the oval coin that seemed to pulse 
in Virion’s hand. “So this is the artifact Alea had?”
“Yes. Bonding it with your blood and mine will trigger it, giving you the boost that 
allowed all the other Lances to break into the white stage. I know you’re not an elf, but 
I’d be honored if you’d serve as a Lance under me.”
My hands twitched, tempted to accept this gift that would give me a better chance to 
fight the Four Scythes and their retainers.
But I shook my head with a resigned shrug. “I’ll fight for you even without this bond, 
but I can’t accept it. I may regret this, but it doesn’t feel right for me to cheat my way 
into the white stage. I’ll get there on my own.”
“Good choice,” the familiar, hoarse voice of a certain asura chimed in from behind me.
I looked back over my shoulder to see the purple-eyed asura walk over, his arms 
behind his back.
“Lord Aldir.” Virion bowed curtly, his palm still open for the asura to see.
Aldir lifted the coin from his hand and studied it. “While this artifact may give you a 
tremendous boost in strength, it also greatly inhibits the potential to grow further.”
The asura tossed the coin back to Virion as he continued speaking. “Normally, I’d 
recommend that any lessers take the opportunity to use it, especially in these 
dangerous times—but Arthur, you’re a different case. Your talent aside, Lady Sylvie’s 
dragon blood courses through your veins and the powerful will of her mother inside 
your mana core. It may be a disadvantage during the war, but I’d suggest you don’t 
take it.”
“Thank you for the heads-up,” I replied. Taking a look around, I saw that while Blaine 
and Priscilla Glayder remained here, Curtis and Kathyln were gone, along with Tess 
and her parents.
“Are you heading back to the castle right now as well?” I asked Virion.
Virion nodded solemnly. “There’s much to prepare for. Blaine and Priscilla, with the 
help of their Lances, will prepare the city in the meantime. We won’t know where 
exactly they’ll land or how spread out they’re going to be, but it’s vital that we protect 
this city. Fortunately, the ships are still a few days away.”
“I understand. I’ll meet you as soon as I’ve taken care of everything here.”
Virion and Aldir prepared to go through the teleportation gate, but then the whitehaired asura turned back, meeting my gaze with his single purple eye. “Arthur, are you 
ready for this war?”
“No,” I replied honestly, “but I don’t plan on losing to those damn Vritra.”
Aldir smiled. “Good. That’s what I like to hear.”
Virion and Aldir headed back to the castle, while I stayed behind to see my mother and 
father off. They were insistent about rejoining the Twin Horns and helping out in the 
war. As we said our goodbyes, I tried to dissuade them from going near the western 
shore where the fighting would be the heaviest, but they were adamant.
As frustrated as I was, I couldn’t blame them for it. For me, there may have been a 
certain amount of detachment despite growing up here, since I remembered my 
previous life. I considered Dicathen my home because this was where my family was, 
which was a large factor as to why I decided to fight against the Vritra. But for them, 
this land was truly their home. Protecting it was only natural.
After they’d gone, I removed the last of my armor, then sank down into my seat and 
let out a deep breath. “Damn it,” I cursed, rubbing my temples.
“Getting into an argument with them wasn’t the best way to part,” Sylvie spoke as she 
lay down, resting her head on her paws on top of the polished tea table.
“Thank you for enlightening me.” I rolled my eyes. “I just don’t understand why they 
wouldn’t listen to my advice. I didn’t say anything wrong.”
“You basically told them to go off into some remote area and stay hidden,” she replied.
“Those were not the words I used,” I retorted, kicking off my boots.
“But that’s what you meant.”
“I just want them to stay safe,” I murmured, conceding her point.
Sylvie hopped off the tea table and onto the armrest of my chair. “If your parents were 
concerned about their own safety, they wouldn’t have joined the war.”
“Well, I’m more concerned about my family’s safety than this war. I’m thankful that 
they’re at least leaving Ellie behind, but that doesn’t mean they should just go out 
risking their lives.”
My bond nodded her head. “I know.”
“I just hope they know that I’m concerned for them as their son, not as some…” I let 
my voice trail off as I gave another deep sigh.
“It’s going to be hard for them to discern, now that they know,” Sylvie said softly, 
placing a comforting paw on my arm.
I sank lower into my seat and stared at my bond for a moment. “When exactly did you 
figure out what I was, anyway?”
“I think I’ve always known, but I just could never come up with the term to describe 
it. We do share thoughts, after all.”
“Every thought?” I asked, stunned.
“Mhmm.”
“But you only answered when I spoke directly to you. And I don’t hear your thoughts 
unless you’re speaking directly to my mind.”
“For me, speaking to your mind is much like speaking out loud. I’ve learned to keep 
some thoughts hidden; I can’t say the same for you, though,” she giggled.
My eyes grew wide in horror. “That means—”
“Do I know about your constant emotional turmoil when it comes to Tessia? Yup,” she 
grinned.
I groaned.
“Don’t worry. I’ve listened to all your fleeting thoughts since I was born. I didn’t start 
understanding until a bit later, but I’ve grown used to it over the years,” she said 
consolingly, her sharp teeth still showing as her grin remained.
“Well, I haven’t ‘grown used to’ anything at all,” I grumbled.
Sylvie’s grin faded as she stared at me with her bright yellow eyes. “We’re going to 
battle soon. Grandfather told me during training that, while I’m far from reaching the 
level of a true asura, his blood still runs through me. This means that, though I can 
fight alongside you in this war, I’m not invincible. The best way to stay alive is to rely 
on each other.”
“Of course,” I said, a bit confused. What had brought this on?
“I’m saying this because there are things that I’ve hidden from you—things I’ve just 
found out recently, and I feel like you’re the only one I can trust with my life,” she said, 
reading my mind.
“Sylv, you know you can trust me with whatever it is. I’ve raised you since you were 
born, after all.”
“Thank you.” My bond hopped off the armrest and onto my seat and rested her head 
on my lap.
There was a moment of silence as I pondered what she had said. I knew she could read 
my thoughts but, as she mentioned, it really didn’t matter. As curious as I was, I didn’t 
bother asking her what these ‘things’ were that she had found out; she would’ve 
already told me if she wanted to. What worried me was the fact that this was the first 
time she had expressed any sort of fear for her life. Despite our numerous encounters
with dangerous situations, she had always remained strong and fearless, but now, I 
could feel her apprehension toward this war.
I gently stroked Sylvie’s soft head. “How did you get so smart anyway? It seems like 
ever since coming back from Epheotus, you’ve grown at a remarkable rate. And don’t 
get me started on your growing ego.”
“You’re just bitter because you’re taking life advice from a fox younger than you. And 
I’ve always been a fast learner—why do you think I always stayed on top of your 
head?”
“So you were learning by observing our surroundings?” I asked.
“Yup. It helps that you know a lot and that I have free access to your thoughts,” she 
confirmed as she nestled in closer to my leg.
I could tell she was tired; although I had a thousand questions about her sudden 
apparent change in demeanor, I knew I had to wait.
I watched my bond as she slept soundly, her breathing steady. She hadn’t really 
changed much. There was still a sense of immaturity in her voice despite the change 
in the way she spoke. It felt like she was forcing herself to become more mature. I 
wasn’t sure what Lord Indrath had drilled into her while training her, but one thing 
was for sure—she had become aware that she was an asura.
As Sylvie’s breathing became slower and more rhythmic, I leaned my head back on the 
chair, staring up at the ceiling of my room while I organized my thoughts.
Virion and the others didn’t know this, but Windsom had told me what Agrona and his 
clan were like. He and the rest of the Vritra had been experimenting on what the 
asuras called ‘lesser races’ even before they had escaped to Alacrya. From what I’d 
heard, the first mages to appear at the Wall weren’t anything special, but it was likely 
that they were simply cannon fodder meant to create mayhem and divide our forces 
with the mana beasts under their control.
If what Windsom said was true, then the horde of ships approaching our shores would 
include mages with asura blood coursing through their veins. And they’d had 
centuries to explore that bond. I could only imagine how much they had progressed 
since then and what they would do to the people of Dicathen if the Vritra won this 
siege. This place could become a breeding ground for soldiers, which Agrona would 
use to conquer Epheotus.
“Arthur.”
The hoarse baritone voice snapped me out of my thoughts. “Isn’t there some sort of 
etiquette about knocking when entering someone’s room, or at least using the door?”
“The tone of your response tells me things didn’t go well with the business you had to 
take care of,” Aldir said as he calmly took a seat on the couch across from me.
“Why are you here? I thought you would be with the Council,” I said, ignoring his 
comment.
“There is something I need from you,” Aldir replied, his piercing gaze directed at me.
I stared back, unwavering. “And what is that?”
There was a tense silence, then Aldir sighed. “Your help,” he admitted. “Lord Indrath 
told me to rely on your judgment throughout the course of this war, and after your 
speech earlier, I think I understand why.”
“What did he mean by ‘rely on my judgment’?” I asked. Sylvie stirred awake as I sat up, 
but drifted back to sleep almost immediately.
“Lord Indrath realized that your contribution to this war shouldn’t be limited to just 
being a sword. While there will be times when you’ll be needed in the field, sending 
you out to every battle will only tire you out. When you aren’t absolutely needed, you’ll 
be by my side in the Council, strategizing with us and giving us your input.”
“Let me get this straight—you want a sixteen-year-old making life-changing decisions 
with the Council?” I scoffed.
“Aside from the fact that you are just a lesser, you’re not a normal child. Don’t think 
that this eye is just a pretty decoration. I knew there was something different about 
you the first time we met, but only by Lord Indrath’s words did I realize just how 
much.”
“Is there something I get in return for helping you?” I asked, resting my head on my 
hand.
Aldir’s eye narrowed. “I came in good faith to ask for your help, but it benefits us both 
if you cooperate. Losing this war means dying, being enslaved, or worse. Not just for 
you, but for your loved ones as well.”
“You could’ve at least thrown me a bone,” I said, smiling at his seriousness. “Yeah, I’ll 
help, but I’m not sure how much of my advice the Council is willing to listen to. Virion 
might listen, but everyone else…”
“Let me worry about that,” Aldir replied. “Besides, you won’t only be in meetings. I 
have other plans for you as well.”
“When you say ‘other plans’ like that, it sounds kind of ominous.”
“As I said, you are a powerhouse in this war—maybe more so than the Lances, given a 
few years. I would certainly not waste your abilities by having you do nothing but sit 
and listen to those lessers—I mean the Council—bicker with one another.”
I shook my head with a helpless laugh. “It must be frustrating for you, being here and 
restrained from helping despite the amount of manpower you could provide just by 
yourself.”
“My time will come. If we defend against this siege successfully, then, with the help of 
the Dicathen army, our asuras will be able to take care of Agrona and his weakened 
force.”
“It seems like this war is far from over,” I said, absentmindedly brushing my fingertips 
across Sylvie’s back, drawing comfort from her sleeping form.
“Yes, but this fight will be the start of a new era. If Dicathen wins and fights alongside 
us asuras, Agrona and his clan of traitors and mutts will fall, and we will all gain access 
to a new continent.”
Aldir sounded hopeful, almost excited, despite his usual calm demeanor.
“You’ve lost someone to Agrona, haven’t you?” I asked, seeing the expression on the 
asura’s face.
“Many of us lost loved ones in that battle—no, it would be better described as a 
massacre,” Aldir answered, the brow underneath his third eye twitching.
“Well, you heard what I told Virion; I have no intentions of losing this war, but if you’re 
going to ask my help in this, you need to trust in the advice that I do give.”
Laughing through his nose, he replied, “Never in all my years would I have imagined a 
lesser would speak to me like this.”
“Well, these lessers are fighting your battles for you, so at least have the decency to call 
them by the names of their actual race,” I replied.
“You ask for a lot, Arthur Leywin, but very well.” The white-haired asura stood up, 
smoothing out the creases in his ivory robe. “It’s about time I headed back down to 
the meeting room. It worries me every time I leave those less—people alone for too 
long. We will be expecting you shortly.”
“Sure, I’ll be down soon, but I’m curious about something.”
“What is it?” the asura replied, looking back over his shoulder.
“The two remaining Lances who couldn’t join us today. I know you said two years ago 
that they’re working under you, but… you didn’t kill them or anything, right?”
Aldir shook his head. “Even I wouldn’t be so rash as to kill a Lance on a whim. While 
political envoys can be replaced, a Lance’s power can take years to develop, even if 
they have a particularly high compatibility with the artifact. I had planned on bringing 
up the subject at the meeting, but since you mentioned it, I’d like your input on this 
matter.”
I nodded eagerly as the asura revealed his plan for the two missing Lances. Then an 
idea struck me. I let out a devious laugh and grinned wickedly at Aldir. “Not bad, but I 
have a better idea.”
A cloud of frosty fog formed with each breath as I made my way toward the bustling 
encampment. Underneath a cliff by the shore, the soldiers had set up their tents and 
lit fires behind a rock formation standing more than two dozen feet high. The soft light 
of the flickering fires and the trails of smoke were visible from a distance, but the 
towering barricade of boulders served as a natural defense from anyone coming from 
the water.
I could just barely make out a few watchmen stationed atop the cliff overlooking the 
camp, obscured as they were by the dense haze surrounding the entire beach.
Wrapping my woolen cloak tightly around me, I shrouded myself in another layer of 
mana to keep the sharp winter winds away.
Almost there, I informed Sylvie, who was buried deep within the layers of my clothes.
My bond peeked her head out, let out a sour grumble, and immediately hid herself 
back inside my cloak.
For such a mighty being, you’re sure weak to the cold, I teased, continuing the last leg 
of our trek.
‘You’re not the one who had to fly through that cursed wind. It feels like my wings have 
holes in them even in this form,’ she complained. ‘And I’m not weak to the cold; I just hate 
it.’
I chuckled softly and picked up my pace. Since we had declined any sort of truce with 
Alacrya, Aldir couldn’t risk breaking the asura’s agreement by creating teleportation 
gates anymore. This meant I had to rely on Sylvie for long distance transportation 
anywhere that wasn’t served by the already-existing teleportation gates. I’d had her 
transform only a mile or so back, so as to not draw attention.
As per Virion’s request, I would be staying with this division and aiding them in the 
unlikely event that Alacryan ships were sent this far down the coast. However, 
unbeknownst to him, I had added another item to his agenda.
Walking along the bottom of the cliff, I hid my presence. While most mages did this by 
rescinding their mana, my training in Epheotus had taught me that a perfect balance 
of mana output through my mana channels and mana input through my mana veins 
would allow me to stay hidden from even the most alert mana beasts, while still being 
able to use mana.
I spotted a conspicuously large peaked-roof tent near the foot of the cliff where the 
formation of boulders met. Given that the tent was located in the safest area of the 
semi-circular encampment and that it was three times the size of any of the other 
shoddy tents around it, I could only assume it belonged to the captain.
As I approached the edge of the camp, I picked up a few broken pieces of wood, then 
walked casually past the resting soldiers.
No one seemed to mind; with my hood up and an armful of branches and twigs, I 
probably looked like any other earnest young soldier hoping to earn a title by 
contributing in the war.
Some of the seasoned soldiers, polishing their weapons and armor by the meager 
firelight, glanced in my direction with little regard, while a group of younger 
soldiers—obviously conjurers of noble descent, based on their embellished gear and 
flashy staffs—sneered at my plain attire.
‘Those ignorant clowns have no idea who they’re scoffing at,’ Sylvie hissed as she peeked 
at their expressions. ‘They’d be better used as bait.’
Easy, I soothed. You sure learned some colorful insults from Lord Indrath.
Walking deeper into the encampment, I passed through the cooking station. Large 
fires blazed inside earthen pits formed by magic; they were lined neatly with stews 
bubbling tantalizingly inside pots as large, barrel-chested men hacked away at chunks 
of meat.
“Clear the pots for the skewered meat! Benfir and Schren, get ready to start handing 
out the stew!” A small-framed woman with a fierce expression roared orders, holding 
a ladle in her hand, more like a weapon than a tool.
The ladle-wielding woman looked over her shoulder at me as I passed. She gave me a 
respectful nod, which caught me by surprise—I had assumed no one would recognize 
me this far out from civilization.
I had almost arrived at the large tent in the farthest corner of the camp when the highpitched clash of metal on metal drew my attention. Dropping the branches in my 
hands, I inspected a group of soldiers that had formed a circle around the source of 
the sounds—two augmenters engaged in a friendly bout. The sharp shrieks of their 
weapons drew sparks even with the layer of mana covering their blades, and they 
parried each other’s strikes with obvious deft.
“You’ve gotten better, Cedry,” said the short-haired soldier. He seemed to be a bit 
shorter than me, but his arms looked almost unnaturally long. He used his slender 
frame and long, flexible limbs to his advantage by delivering fast, irregular strikes with 
dual daggers.
“And yet, you’re still a pain to fight against, Jona,” the girl named Cedry replied 
confidently as she ducked Jona’s swipe. She was clearly at a disadvantage, fighting 
hand-to-hand with heavy gauntlets against an opponent who excelled in long-ranged 
strikes, but she wasn’t losing.
She nimbly ducked, weaved, and parried Jona’s dual-wielding assault, and something 
about her held my interest.
It wasn’t until I focused on her ears that I realized what it was.
She’s a half-elf, I pointed out to Sylvie, who had lost interest in the match and was back 
inside my cloak.
At my observation, my bond peeked her head back out. ‘Oh! She is. We haven’t come 
across one other than that ill-tempered Lucas.’
‘Ill-tempered’ is putting it lightly, I chuckled, my gaze still on the fight.
‘Shouldn’t we notify the captain of our arrival?’ Sylvie reminded me.
You’re right. I got side-tracked, I thought, turning away from the duel.
‘You always do when it comes to these kinds of fights,’ she teased.
There’s something about close combat that makes a fight exciting, unlike long-range 
conjuring, I agreed, walking back.
When we reached the large white tent, I was stopped by an armored guard gripping a 
halberd. “What business do you have in here?”
“Is this the captain’s tent?” I asked, my hood still covering half my face.
“I said, what business do you have in here?” the guard repeated, his gaze unrelenting.
Exhaling deeply, I held out a medallion.
At the sight of it, the guard’s narrow eyes widened in shock. His gaze shifted from the 
gold medallion back to me with a look of horror at the blunder he had made. “I-I’m so 
sorry, Gen—”
“Shhh,” I mouthed before he could finish speaking. I held up my hand. “I don’t want my 
visit to cause a stir, so let’s just keep this between us.”
“Y-yes, sir,” he said, nodding furiously as he opened the flap to allow me entrance.
I stepped inside the spacious tent and a gust of warmth flooded my body. It felt as if a 
layer of ice was melting off my face as I removed my cloak. The first thing I noticed 
was the flare hawk nestled near the entrance.
‘I remember her,’ Sylvie chimed in my head as she hopped to the ground.
I turned to the woman sitting behind a small wooden desk, unconcerned by the 
intrusion.
“Professor Glory,” I greeted her, giving a faint grin as she finally looked up, her face 
brightening at the sight of her old student. My old Team-Fighting Mechanics professor 
looked the same as always, with her tanned complexion and brown hair tied tightly 
behind her head. She was wearing light armor even inside the tent, and her two giant 
swords were close by, leaning against a drawer behind her.
“It’s good to see you, General Leywin,” she said, coming around her desk.
“Please, just call me Arthur,” I said helplessly.
“Then I’d prefer if you just called me Vanesy,” she said, spreading out her arms. “After 
all, I’m not your professor anymore.”
Accepting her hug, I realized that this was the first time I’d heard Professor Glory’s 
first name. When she released me from her firm grasp, I said, “Well then. Do you mind 
giving me a brief report of the situation here, Vanesy?”
Vanesy acknowledged Sylvie with a polite nod before reaching behind her desk. After 
a moment of rummaging, she held out a rolled-up parchment, but started speaking 
even before I could open it.
“Right now, it’s just me and my division of three thousand soldiers. My division is on 
the smaller side but we have with us fifty-eight mages, twenty of whom are conjurers 
while ten are long-range augmenters, to make up for the numbers,” she recited.
I nodded in understanding while I skimmed through the parchment. “There’s 
supposed to be one other captain along with you, right?”
“Captain Auddyr and his division are making the march up here from Maybur City. I 
can send out a transmission if you’d like,” she answered.
“No need. Truth be told, I’m not even expecting any ships to veer off this far south,” I 
admitted, handing Vanesy back the parchment.
“I heard about your big plan set up for those Alacryan bastards up the coast,” she said, 
eyeing me. “You think it’s going to work?”
“It’ll slow them down, and with any luck, sink a few of their ships.”
“A shame we won’t be there to see it,” she said regretfully. The bright-eyed professor, 
whom I had fought next to down at Widow’s Crypt, removed a leather flask from her 
drawer, pulling out the cork with her teeth before gulping down what I assumed was 
alcohol.
“Care for a swig, General Leywin?” She winked, holding the flask up.
“I’m a minor, you know.”
Vanesy scoffed. “If you’re old enough to go to war, you’re old enough to drink.”
I grabbed her flask and took a gulp. The smoky liquid seared my throat as it made its 
way into my stomach, warming up my insides.
‘Is it smart to inhibit yourself like this before a battle?’ Sylvie asked with a tone of 
disapproval.
Relax. It’s just one sip, I replied.
Stifling a cough, I handed the leather bottle back. “That’s got quite the kick.”
“Mhmm,” Vanesy agreed. “Although you’re going to need a bit more than that to keep 
yourself warm out there. Aren’t you freezing in that outfit?”
I looked down at my attire. While I wasn’t expecting a battle, I was dressed for one. My 
inner gray garment was skin-tight, with the sleeve reaching to my wrist. While thin 
and elastic enough for me to freely move in, it was also strong enough to withstand 
sharp edges to a certain degree. The only thing I wore over this was a simple black 
tunic that draped loosely over my shoulders. The sleeves stopped at the elbows, 
allowing unimpeded movement of my arms.
I shook my head. “I’ve grown used to constantly surrounding myself with mana to 
keep me warm. Honestly, even the cloak is just for appearance’s sake.”
“Well, I’m glad you’re here. Commander Virion wanted me to have you speak in front 
of the soldiers—you know, for motivation.”
“About that…” I grinned. “Let’s hold off on that until Captain Auddyr arrives. I was 
hoping to have a little fun in the camp.”
“Uh-oh,” Vanesy groaned. “What are you up to?”
I shook my head disapprovingly. “Now is that any way to speak to your superior?”
“Fine,” she said, relenting. “Just don’t mortally wound any of my soldiers.”
“What kind of person do you take me for?” I replied innocently, putting my cloak back 
on as I headed back toward the cloth door. “Are there any soldiers who’d recognize 
me?” I asked, remembering how the head chef had bowed to me.
“We’re pretty far out from any sort of mass communication. I just had a letter delivered 
by carrier with the latest updates, but I haven’t announced any of it,” she answered. 
“With your shaggy hair and those plain clothes, you’ll easily pass as a new recruit 
picked up from the countryside.”
“There’s an old saying that a wise man appears weak when he is strong and strong 
when he is weak,” I replied, pointing at the dazzling armor she wore, engraved with 
intricate decorations.
“It’s for protection, not for showing off,” she argued.
“Not when the design on the armor matches your bond’s armor,” I teased, glancing at 
the silver armor hanging on a stand next to Torch.
“You’ve turned into a wise-ass since they made you a Lance,” she grumbled.
“Oh please, I was a wise-ass long before becoming a Lance,” I rebutted.
Vanesy leaned back against her desk and gazed past me, as if looking far into the 
distance. “‘Appear weak when you’re strong.’ I like that.”
“Feel free to steal it,” I said as I headed out of the tent. I couldn’t tell her that the quote 
was from an ancient general from my previous life, but she didn’t seem to be curious 
about its origin.
‘What did you want to do?’ Sylvie asked curiously as she nestled on top of my head.
Evaluate the current level of our soldiers’ competency, of course.
Sylvie’s sense of doubt flooded my mind. ‘You mean play-fight with them?’
Just for a little bit.
‘Even as your bond, I sometimes find myself worried that the fate of this continent relies 
so heavily upon you.’
Lifting the tent flap, I caught sight of the guard stationed outside. As soon as our eyes 
met, his giant body stiffened into a salute. “Gen—”
“Remember…” I said, winking at the guard as I pressed my finger to my lips.
Without waiting for a response, I made my way back to the growing cluster of soldiers, 
who were cheering louder than before.
The fight between the half-elf girl Cedry and the long-armed Jona seemed to have 
come to an end, and a new pair of fighters now brawled on an earthen platform 
conjured by one of the mages.
The two soldiers’ casual spar had escalated into a full-blown event, and the audience 
moved logs and tree stumps to make seats. Some of the more enthusiastic members 
of the crowd were making wagers with their peers, from the meat slices of their next 
meals to more precious resources like the alcohol they had smuggled into camp inside 
hidden water pouches. All in all, there was a jubilant atmosphere in the camp, 
unbefitting the continent’s current circumstances.
Blending into the crowd, I made my way toward the front of the makeshift arena, 
where I found Cedry and Jona watching from the ground.
“It was a good fight,” I remarked, taking a seat next to Jona, the dagger-wielding soldier. 
“Who ended up winning?”
The half-elf who fought using gauntlets—just like my father—gave me a victorious 
smile as she raised up her hand, flaunting her victory in front of Jona.
Jona ran a hand through his short, disheveled hair in frustration. “One time, Cedry. 
You’ve won one time.”
“The first victory of many to come,” she snickered.
I nodded to the half-elf in acknowledgement of her success. “I wish I could’ve seen 
how it ended.”
Laughing, Jona stuck out a hand. “My name’s Jona, and this immature girl next to me 
is Cedry. I don’t think I’ve seen you around. Are you a new recruit?”
“I guess you could say that.” I shook both their hands. “You can call me Arthur.”
“Well, Arthur, judging by how things are going, we should be able to enjoy a lot more 
fights tonight,” Jona said, returning his focus to the fight currently taking place.
It ended nearly as soon as it began, with a large, bear-like augmenter landing a 
finishing blow on his light-footed opponent. As the defeated soldier jumped off the 
stage, nursing his stricken cheek, my gaze turned to Jona and Cedry once more. Jona’s 
features were ordinary, with sharp angles and a slight, beaked nose. Cedry, on the 
other hand, stood out a bit more. With her radiant gaze that seemed full of life and her 
playful demeanor, I wouldn’t be surprised if she was popular with both men and 
women. Just in the short time I’d sat down next to them, at least a dozen of her peers 
had walked by, making jokes or congratulating her on her win.
“—country bumpkin! Get your head outta yer ass,” a loud, gritty voice snapped.
I turned toward the source of the voice to see the bear-like augmenter staring back 
down at me.
I looked around until I realized he was talking to me. “Do I really look like I came from 
the countryside?” I asked Jona.
“Stop going after fresh recruits, Herrick—and grow the balls to at least spar with 
someone in your own weight class,” Cedry hissed at him, eliciting a howl of laughter 
from the rest of the crowd.
I got to my feet. “It’s okay. We’re just having fun, right?”
“Yeah,” the balding Herrick quickly agreed. “I’m using this time to show the new 
recruits some pointers.”
Taking off my cloak with Sylvie inside, I hopped up to the elevated stage and held out 
my hand. “Well then, please give me lots of pointers.”
Herrick grabbed my hand, squeezing a little too tightly for it to be a warm gesture. “I’ll 
give you the first move.”
Letting go of my hand, he spread his arms out, a smug grin pasted on his greasy face 
as he glanced over toward a group of women seated in the audience.
While Herrick’s body seemed a bit too round to be efficient in battle, the layer of mana 
enveloping him told me he was a competent mage.
Wanting to see how he fought, I willed forth only a limited amount of mana into my 
body, then stepped in to attack.
As my fist approached his abdomen, I could see the mana gathering where he thought 
I’d hit. The giant augmenter barely flinched as my fist sank into his heaping stomach.
“You’re going to have to try harder than that, country brat,” he grunted as I pulled 
away.
I shook my hand. “So strong.”
“Now, let me show you some pointers.” His smile grew as he glanced again at the group 
of women watching us.
He swung a giant hand to swat me off the platform. Taking the hit, I landed on my 
bottom rather embarrassingly, but without any injuries. “Oh man, I couldn’t even 
react.”
Irritation flickered across my opponent’s face as I failed to go sailing off the platform. 
“You’re lucky I held back or you would’ve gone flying. Those Alacryan bastards aren’t 
going to go easy on you, though.”
“You’re right. Thank you.” I tried to sound enthusiastic, like a country bumpkin who 
was now part of a military filled with mages of noble blood—but it was becoming 
tiring.
The fight went on for several more minutes with Herrick trying to swat me out of the 
arena using his meaty hands, while I pretended to get the full brunt of his attack only 
to stumble a few feet.
“Come on, Herrick. I know you’re going easy on him but don’t baby him all day!” cried 
a soldier, and his peers agreed.
“I just don’t wanna hurt the twig, you know?” he replied, frustration evident on his 
face.
So far, by the calluses on his hands and the way his arms naturally attacked, I’d 
gathered that he used a heavy axe as his primary weapon. However, other than his 
decent control in body-strengthening, he had no tricks up his sleeve. Deciding that my 
assessment was over, I took my chance when Herrick reached over to grab me.
I twisted my body and tossed him over my shoulder and out of the arena. The whole 
act looked like one big blunder. Even Herrick was surprised to find himself looking up 
at me from the floor.
“Wait, I tripped!” he cried, looking around desperately as he waved his hands. “That 
doesn’t count.”
The crowd erupted in laughter and jeers, and they mockingly booed Herrick as he 
stomped away, cursing.
Even using only ten percent of my mana, and without employing any elemental spells, 
Herrick was a joke. But I couldn’t say that out loud, of course.
“Looks like I got lucky,” I said helplessly up on the stage, scratching my cheek.
“I wanted to beat Herrick’s giant ass, but I guess that can’t be helped.” A tall woman 
with her black hair tied tightly behind her head jumped up onstage. “Let’s see if you 
really were just lucky, greenhorn.”
“Please go easy on me,” I said placatingly.
My opponent was well over six feet—a few inches taller than me—but her thin, toned 
frame made her look even taller than she actually was. With her dark complexion and 
sharp, narrow eyes complementing her straight black hair, she looked like a panther 
ready to pounce.
“I’m used to fighting with a staff so I’d appreciate it if you used a weapon as well,” she 
said as a wooden staff appeared from the dimension ring on her finger. By the ring she 
had just used and the rich colors of her clothes, it was obvious that she was a noble, 
but that fact seemed trivial to her.
“Don’t kill the kid, Nyphia!” her friend cried, sounding genuinely concerned.
I feigned a timid chuckle. “Sorry, the smith is repairing my sword right now, but I can—
”
“Someone give the boy a sword his size,” Nyphia snapped impatiently as she stretched 
her neck.
Almost immediately, an unfamiliar soldier threw me his short sword, still in its sheath. 
I carefully slid the blade out of its scabbard and covered it in mana to dull the edges.
Unlike Herrick, my new opponent didn’t let her guard down. She dropped to a low 
stance, and held her wooden staff out with its tip aimed at the ground while her feline 
eyes peered straight into me.
“Poor boy, getting marked by Nyphia,” someone muttered behind me.
I took my stance as well. I had hoped to use this casual event to get a sense for some 
of the soldiers here, but this girl seemed to have other plans. “Are you ready?”
The dark-skinned augmenter let out an irritated scoff, as if I’d somehow offended her. 
“Are you ready?”
I nodded to show that I was. She struck like a bolt of lightning. Her body remained low 
as she lunged into striking range, her staff pulled in close to her body, affording her 
the freedom to attack high or low. She went low, the base of her staff whistling through 
the air toward my chin. My shortsword rang against her staff as I parried the blow 
aside, stepping back and taking on a defensive posture.
Just from her first strike, I could tell what sort of fighter Nyphia was. Her control over 
mana was excellent—on a different tier than Herrick—but she lacked real experience. 
Her moves were fast but also obvious. Most likely, she only had experience fighting 
against guards or other professionals who were afraid to hurt her, which didn’t help 
her short temper and over-inflated confidence.
I parried or dodged each lunge, swipe, thrust, and swing she threw at me—but just 
barely. From the outside, it looked like I was being pushed back as I desperately tried 
to keep up. Nyphia’s temper reached new highs, escalating after each failed attempt to 
land a solid hit.
With my back foot leaning off the edge of the platform we were on, I used the 
momentum from Nyphia’s over-emotional thrust to send her out of bounds to end the 
match—but she kept her balance with the help of her staff.
Leaping back to the center, she shook her head. “Not this time. Amber, raise a cage 
around the arena!”
“This is just a friendly competition, not a death match,” I argued.
She disagreed. “No, this is practice for the war that’s right in front of our noses. And in 
war, there are no ‘out-of-bounds.’” She whipped her head around to look over her 
shoulder. “Amber. The cage.”
Her friend, or lackey, raised an earthen gate around the arena with a short chant and 
a wave of her wand, locking me up with this rabid cat who thought herself a mighty 
tiger.
I looked around; while some of the soldiers shared glances of concern, none of them 
spoke up. I was beginning to regret this whole idea of ‘blending in.’ I was tempted to 
just blow apart the arena and walk out, but I held myself back.
With the experience from my past life, I’d come to realize that people become 
complacent in the presence of a powerful ally. They expect to be spoonfed victory from 
the comfort of the backline when someone as revered as a Lance is amongst them. At 
least, that was the case in my old life. I might have it backward here—who knows, 
maybe having a Lance with them would give them the confidence and zeal to fight 
harder—but I was skeptical of that. And with the possibility of an Alacryan ship, or 
several, veering down to this shore, I didn’t want to take any chances.
“You make a good point.” I faked a smile, staying in character. “Please, teach me what 
you can.”
With our weapons at the ready, we began once more. A real fight, especially one 
involving a sharp-edged weapon, took only a matter of seconds to draw to a 
conclusion. But with mana as abundant as it was in this world, making mistakes more 
forgiving than in my previous world, and fighters did little to correct their flaws. 
Instead, they focused on making their strengths even stronger. Even I had succumbed
to that mistake when I first came to this world—that is, until that was beaten out of 
me by the asuras back in Epheotus.
Nyphia dashed toward me once more, this time feinting left before using the other end 
of her staff in a quick, ascending swipe.
I dodged close enough to detect the oaky smell coming from her polished staff, and 
countered by pushing it up with my free hand. This threw her off balance, and I 
finished by sliding my foot behind her back foot and pushing forward.
Between the strength of my assimilated body and the added mana, Nyphia was sent 
tumbling backward. The crowd of soldiers—which had become tense since the cage 
had been conjured—cried out in dumbfounded amazement at the turn of events.
Glaring at me balefully as her face reddened with embarrassment and anger, Nyphia 
was unable to form the proper words to express herself. Then a mellow, husky voice 
rang from the crowd. “Mind if I join in on the fun?”
“You’re not joining anything! I just trip—” The dark-skinned noble’s words caught in 
her throat as she realized whose voice it was. “M-Madam Astera!” Nyphia lowered her 
head as she spoke. “Forgive me for my rudeness.”
The woman my opponent referred to as Madam Astera was none other than the head 
cook who had regarded me with a respectful nod when I’d first arrived. The chef 
hopped up over the cage with a nimbleness that made Nyphia’s movements seem 
infantile.
I gave a quick bow, remembering to stay in character. “May I have the pleasure of 
knowing who I’m sparring with?”
Madam Astera bobbed a quick curtsy with her apron. “Just a simple cook.”
“Just a cook?” I repeated. “Somehow I have a hard time believing that.”
The head chef shrugged, untying her apron and tossing it over to Nyphia. “Titles are 
merely an embellishment stuck in front of your name to establish a hierarchy, so yes, 
I am Chef Astera. Nice to meet you.”
Surprised by her words of wisdom, I dipped my head in response. “And I am Arthur. 
The pleasure is mine.”
“Well then, Arthur, let’s put on a show for these antsy soldiers here before they start 
throwing a fit.” Her lips curved into a confident smile as she held up the ladle in her 
hand.
“Of course. Will that be your weapon?”
“Don’t be silly. It’d be disrespectful to fight with a tool used to cook.” With a hearty 
laugh, Madam Astera motioned to one of the soldiers up in the front for his weapon—
a short sword, much like the one I was borrowing. “Now, do go easy on an old lady like 
me.”
With that, she disappeared from view at a speed that no ‘simple cook’ could have 
managed. Madam Astera blinked into view in the air above me, already in position to 
swing down, her handsome face glowing with savage excitement.
With a quick sidestep, I brought up my sword as well. Sparks danced around us as the 
edge of my blade met hers. Before Madam Astera’s sword hit the ground, she kicked 
off the guard of my sword to gain distance.
With only a minimal amount of mana infused in my body and sword, my hand became 
numb from blocking her attack. “A simple cook?” I confirmed.
“Just a simple cook,” she answered with a wink, before rushing at me once again.
Our swords became mere blurs in the space between us as Madam Astera and I each 
unleashed a flurry of attacks.
Her petite body moved with a coordinated agility that would even impress Kordri, the 
asura who had trained me. We dodged each other’s strikes and swings with minimal 
movement. If not for the sweat flooding down our faces and necks, it might have 
looked as if we were missing on purpose.
I raised my mana output to twenty percent, but she seemed to have been holding back 
as well because we were still at a stalemate.
Neither of us had the luxury to speak—it took all our focus to keep up with each 
other’s attacks—but our emotions showed on our faces. This wasn’t a duel of magic, 
just a contest of pure mastery of the sword.
Madam Astera wore an ecstatic grin on her sweaty face as she continued her relentless 
assault, and somewhere along the way I realized I was smiling as well.
I countered each strike she delivered with another, but she flawlessly dodged until her 
back was against the earthen cage. I decided not to raise my mana, but instead used 
the field to my advantage. Dipping below her waist, I brought my sword close, in 
position to swing up.
She had nowhere to move but to her right—at least, so I thought.
When she was barely an arm’s length away from me, she kicked off the wall and 
propelled herself directly at me. I quickly pivoted on my right foot, whirling just in 
time for her blade to whiz past my cheek. The tables had turned; now it was my back 
that was against the wall.
“I’m sure there was a saying—something along the lines of, ‘Even a mouse will attack 
when it’s cornered,’” Madam Astera said, her sword raised closely in guard.
I smiled. “Well, it looks like I’m the cornered mouse now.”
“Hence my caution.” She smirked, tightening the grip on her raised sword. “Now, why 
don’t you stop holding back, Arthur?”
“I think bringing any magic past basic augmentation into the midst of such an exciting 
duel would be disrespectful to the way of the sword,” I replied.
“Wise words from one so young.” She nodded in approval. “Then shall we kick things 
up a notch?” A surge of mana suddenly burst from my opponent as she took a step 
back.
The soldiers in the front row winced from the sudden thick gust of energy, while 
others had to lean forward to keep from toppling over in their seats.
With a smile, I increased my mana output to forty percent. A thick wave of mana burst 
out of me as well, but it was different from Madam Astera’s. While her mana took the 
form of a sharp and chaotic gale, mine manifested as a refined wave-like pulse.
Madam Astera’s smile faded as she looked at me in awe. Then, shaking herself out of 
her daze, she molded her mana into a thick armor around her before lunging at me. 
The force of her initial step created a small crater beneath her feet, shaking the entire 
arena.
In the span of a single breath, her sword was already inches away from my throat, and 
the force of her strike had sent a spear of wind sailing past my neck to create a hole in 
the wall behind me.
I could see why Nyphia was so scared of this ‘simple cook.’ After her initial strike failed, 
she leaped back and repositioned herself, tightening her stance like a coiled snake, 
ready to strike.
But this time, I was the one to strike.
I dashed forward, creating no sound as I flashed beside her with my sword in midswing. She immediately ducked. With no time to prepare, her movement was sloppy, 
but the fact that she was able to react to my attack at all showed how keen her instincts 
were.
She lashed out with a sharp swing before leaping back again. This time, she didn’t wait 
for me to strike—instead she lunged once more. I brought up my sword but realized 
midway that her stab was a feint as she dipped into a wide swing at my leg; she wanted
me to jump up to dodge so she could catch me mid-air.
Instead, I brought my sword down to parry.
A high-pitched ringing resounded from our two blades clashing. A deep tremor rose 
up my arm from the impact—and then my sword shattered.
For a moment, we just stood there, both of us winded and, perhaps, a little 
disappointed at the abrupt conclusion of our battle. Finally I said, “It’s my loss, Chef 
Astera.”
“No, I can’t accept that. It was just that your sword’s quality—”
I shook my head. “I think it’s time for dinner anyway, right?” I walked over to the 
soldier I had borrowed the sword from. “I’m sorry about your sword. I’ll get you a new 
one.”
“Wha—oh, yeah, sure. No problem…” His voice trailed off as he stared at me blankly. 
Noticing his awestruck expression, I realized how quiet the camp had become. I looked 
around to see everyone with the same expression as the soldier in front of me, the only 
sound the occasional crackle of wood coming from the fires.
“You heard the boy, move your asses or starve for the rest of the night!” Madam Astera 
roared. “We’re going all out tonight!”
With that, the silent crowd erupted into cheers, and the cooks began handing out 
plates stacked with steaming food.
The atmosphere quickly turned festive as Madam Astera brought out barrels of liquor. 
I spotted Vanesy trying to limit the amount of alcohol being passed around, but she 
finally gave in, taking a glass for herself.
I wasn’t sure it was a good idea to drink when we were supposed to be on the lookout 
for any stray enemy ships, but the chances of that happening were too meager to stop 
the soldiers from having at least one good night.
With a few drinks in everyone’s system, the soldiers became more outgoing. Some 
began singing while others accompanied them, using a hollow log as a makeshift 
percussive instrument. The songs seemed like melodic tales of adventurers with no 
real thought put into rhythm, but it was enjoyable nonetheless—especially once I had 
a few drinks in me as well.
‘Should a Lance succumb to peer pressure and drink so much?’ Sylvie berated me, 
choosing to stay inside my cloak for warmth.
Who says it’s peer pressure? I replied, taking another sip, relishing the warm numbness 
spreading from the alcohol—and from the fire as well.
“Do you mind if I join you?” Madam Astera took a seat next to me by the dancing flame, 
a glass of liquor in her hand. “So who exactly is Arthur?”
“Not at all,” I replied. I was thankful for the chef’s presence, since the curious soldiers 
lingering around me began dispersing as soon as she came over. “And I thought you 
already knew.”
“I knew you weren’t just a normal boy.” She shrugged before gulping down the rest of 
the liquor in her glass.
I followed suit and took another sip as well. “Then may I ask who you are?”
“I told you, I’m just a—”
“Yeah, that ‘simple cook’ answer of yours isn’t going to cut it,” I interrupted.
She burst out with a hearty laugh that didn’t match her small frame. “Fine, I’ll answer. 
But you could’ve probably found out from some of the soldiers here—a lot of them 
were my students, after all.”
“So you were a teacher? At Xyrus?”
“Oh please, I’d rather swallow a gallon of fire sand than teach at that school,” she 
retorted.
“I happen to have been a student there,” I replied, pretending to be offended.
“Then you know how stuck up most of those kids are,” she replied.
“Can’t argue with that.” I felt my chest tighten at the recollection of some unwanted 
memories, but pushed the feeling away.
“After the war with the elves, I decided to teach at Lanceler Academy,” she said, looking 
idly at the fire through her empty glass. “You’ve heard of us, right?”
“Of course,” I answered, thinking back to the time I’d spent researching the oncefamous school located in Kalberk City, near the center of Sapin. “The legendary school 
for any would-be elite soldiers.”
“Except that after the war, there was little demand for soldiers,” she breathed, fogging 
her glass. “More nobles wanted their children to attend Xyrus now that there is so little 
tension between the races.”
“I see,” I muttered. “Still, this war against the Alacryans should’ve brought quite a few 
new students to Lanceler. No offense, but what are you doing here as a chef?”
“That’s a story for another time,” she said, shaking her cup. “A time with more booze.”
I raised my glass. “I’ll take you up on that offer.”
“Now, onto your story. What’s a talent like you doing here, and why in the world did 
you decide to go to Xyrus with that level of skill with the sword?”
“Because I could manage by myself with the sword. It was magic that I needed help 
getting better at,” I replied.
Her eyes widened as she stared at me. “No kidding?”
I shook my head and opened my mouth to continue, but the clank of armored footsteps 
caught my attention. “General—I mean, Sir.” The guard who had been stationed 
outside of Professor Glory’s tent covered his mouth at his blunder, his eyes wide and 
fearful as he shifted glances between me and Madam Astera.
Despite the clamor around us, everyone in the vicinity seemed to have heard, and they 
whipped their heads around toward us.
The guard continued speaking, lowering his voice in a useless attempt to amend his 
mistake. “Captain Auddyr has arrived and Captain Glory is nowhere to be found.”
I turned back to the head chef, whose brows were knitted in confusion. “Well, there’s 
my story.”
“He said ‘General.’” Madam Astera turned to the guard. “You said ‘General,’ right?”
Unsure how to answer, the guard looked to me for questioningly, but I just stood up, 
careful not to wake my sleeping bond.
“Come on. Let’s go find your captain.” I turned back to the chef, holding my empty 
glass. “At a time with more booze.”
Her face relaxed as she managed a smile. “Aye.”
As we walked back toward the main tent, I surveyed the tops of the large boulders, 
hoping to catch sight of the captain. Knowing her, I doubted she’d be able to completely 
relax.
“Ah, there she is,” I said, squinting.
It took the guard a moment to spot her shadowed figure. She was sitting atop the 
boulder that made up the front wall of the encampment.
“Thank you.” The guard started in her direction, but I held him back.
“Let me. Tell Captain Auddyr I’ll meet with him first thing tomorrow morning.”
“But the captain—”
“It’s fine,” I interjected, handing him my empty glass. “There’s nothing going on, and 
I’ve had a bit too much alcohol to entertain a man I don’t know tonight.”
“Yes, General.” With a salute, the guard veered off toward the tent.
Letting out a deep breath that formed a cloud of fog in front of me, I enveloped my 
body in a shroud of wind as I readied myself to jump. The thin layer of frost 
underneath my feet crunched as I pushed off the ground.
‘Where are we headed now?’ Sylvie asked, sounding noticeably sleepy even through the 
mental transmission.
Making sure my precious subordinate is okay, I answered wryly as I walked up behind 
Vanesy.
She glanced over her shoulder before turning her head back toward the grey moonlit 
ocean. “Want another drink?”
“Should the lookout be drinking?” I asked, taking a seat beside her as Sylvie popped 
out of my woolen cloak.
“You’re one to talk, General, with your cheeks the color of ripe tomatoes,” she scoffed, 
idly petting my bond, who had curled up between us.
“Give me that.” Taking the flask from her hands, I took another gulp of the fiery liquid 
that tickled my throat.
Leaning back on her hands, Vanesy looked up at the crescent moon. “Do you think we’ll 
be able to win this war?”
“I’m not entirely sure, but I’ll do everything I can to make sure we do,” I promised.
“Somehow, despite the fact that you’re barely half my age, I find comfort in your 
words—like you’ll actually make sure of it.”
I thought back to the event three years ago that had always weighed on my mind. “I’ve 
let a lot of people down before. I want to make sure I don’t do it again.”
“Are you talking about what happened at Xyrus?” she asked, her brows furrowed in 
concern.
I merely nodded in reply, and stared at the mesmerizing sight of the wide ocean. 
“What’s left of Xyrus Academy now?”
I could feel Vanesy’s eyes on me, but she stayed silent.
“Tessia doesn’t remember much,” I continued. “Curtis and Kathyln act like nothing 
happened—as if they don’t want to accept what happened. What exactly had 
happened before I arrived?”
“Arthur. What’s done is done. Me telling you this will only make you—”
“I need to know, Vanesy. I should’ve asked a lot earlier, but I made excuses not to.” I 
turned and met her eyes.
With a deep breath, my former professor nodded. “In the disciplinary committee, 
Doradrea was the first to be found dead. Theodore was injured gravely and didn’t 
make it, even with the help of the adventurers’ guild’s emitters.”
“What about Feyrith, and Claire—Claire Bladeheart? When I got there, she’d been 
stabbed… Did she make it?”
Vanesy nodded again. “Feyrith Ivsaar… I know he was badly injured, but he was taken 
back home safely. The Bladeheart family, though, is as secretive as they are old. I was 
told that Claire was alive, but as for what state she was in, I’m not sure.”
“I see. At least she’s alive.” I was relieved that the leader of the disciplinary committee
had made it, but my brief sense of relief crumbled as Vanesy continued, listing the 
names of people I knew who were now gone. There were so many names that they 
seemed to run together, and while not every name rang clearly, the sheer number of 
people she mentioned struck me hard.
“And?” I asked, seeing her hesitate.
“Kai Crestless was one of the radical members that the Vritra, Draneeve, had with him. 
Kai and the rest of the robed lackeys disappeared with Draneeve, along with Elijah,” 
she continued. “He’s probably the reason Curtis didn’t want to speak of that disaster.”
“I see,” I muttered, shifting my gaze back to the ocean.
For a long moment, neither of us spoke. The commotion going on below us and the 
faint crash of the night’s tide in the distance was all that filled the silence as I thought 
of my short time at Xyrus. Knowing what had happened now gave me a chance for true 
reflection. I often caught myself forgetting the old memories of my past life. More and 
more, my past self’s hold on me lessened, allowing me to become the person I wanted 
to be in this world. But at this moment, I found myself wishing to turn back to the old 
me—to the cold, rational me that had suppressed his emotions in exchange for having 
no vulnerability that could be used against him.
It wasn’t like I hadn’t guessed what had happened, but hearing it confirmed made it 
suddenly very real. My chest twisted, as if the blood flowing through my heart had 
thickened into tar and it struggled to keep a stable beat.
A warm drop of liquid rolled down my frigid face as I felt my chin tremble like an 
infant’s. Gnashing my teeth in hopes of suppressing my unwanted emotions, I turned 
to look back toward the camp. I wondered how many of the people I knew—even the 
people I had met today—would end up dead, with nothing I could do to stop it. How 
many of them would survive this war?
I turned to Vanesy to see her shoulders trembling as she clutched tightly at her flask. 
Quickly wiping a tear, I stood up.
Sylvie. Do me a favor and keep watch for the night.
‘Sure,’ she responded, with a soft, comforting tone I rarely heard. My bond turned to 
her original form, startling Vanesy out of her melancholy. With a powerful flap of black 
wings, Sylvie shot up, barely visible as she melted into the night sky.
“Come.” I held out my hand to Vanesy. “The night’s young, and it doesn’t seem like the 
soldiers have any intention of stopping. As their captain, I figure it’s your duty to join 
instead of moping around up here.”
GREY
I lifted my makeshift practice sword, a crudely carved piece of wood, wrapped in 
towels for weight. I counted in my head with each downward swing until a soft voice 
shook me out of my trance. “Grey. It’s time for breakfast.”
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Cecilia by the door with a fresh towel folded 
neatly in her arms. “Oh, thanks!”
I walked over and Cecilia handed me the towel. “I still have to help get the table set 
up,” she announced before she briskly walked away.
I watched Cecilia walk back through the dimly lit hallway, remembering the incident 
almost a year ago, when I’d nearly died trying to save her from the outburst of her ki.
Despite her aloof manner of speech, her attitude toward everyone in the orphanage 
had definitely improved.
After I wiped myself down, I went back inside as well, making sure to close the mesh 
screen door against the summer bugs buzzing outside.
“Someone is apparently going through puberty, judging by the stink coming from his 
body.” Nico’s thin frame approached me from an intersecting hallway.
“Your sweat starts stinking when you go through puberty?” I asked, sniffing my 
sleeveless shirt.
“Supposedly, according to an article I read on hormones.” He shrugged.
Getting a good whiff of the rancid smell for the first time, I winced. “Cecilia probably 
smelled it too, then.”
“Did she react in any sort of way?”
“No, she just gave me a towel and left,” I said as I wiped my body with the towel again, 
hoping it’d get more of the stench off of me.
“Her determination to remain true to her indifferent character is strong.” Nico nodded.
I shrugged. “I don’t think she’s trying to be some character.”
“I beg to differ, my friend. Last week, after I finished tampering with the shock glove—
working name, by the way—to turn it into a pendant she could carry around her neck, 
she refused!”
Raising a brow, I smirked at my friend. “Oh? You gave Cecilia a necklace?”
“How do you always manage to pick and choose what you want to hear? What are you 
going to do when you go to a real school?” He sighed, adopting an air of great 
disappointment. “And besides, I think she likes you more—what with her giving you a 
towel and all.”
“Well, I did save her life, you know,” I teased, putting an arm around my thin friend. I’d 
outgrown him, these past few months.
“Her knight in sweating armor,” he said, pinching his nose.
It had become more and more apparent, at least to me, that Nico had developed 
feelings for Cecilia, our orphanage’s ice queen. It wasn’t any secret that Cecilia was 
popular amongst the boys here, but everyone who’d gathered the courage to make a 
move had been rejected. With his particular blend of pride and low self-esteem, Nico 
found other ways to make Cecilia notice him without revealing his interest in her.
I leaned more heavily on my skinny friend, making him struggle to keep us from falling 
down. “I’m not so sure about going to school anymore.”
“What?” Nico finally managed to free himself of my arm. “Why? You know I only joke 
about your intelligence.”
“It’s not that,” I chuckled. “It’s expensive, and Headmaster Wilbeck already has a hard 
time sending even a few kids to school.”
“Then what do you plan on doing?” Nico asked, brows knitted into a rare serious 
expression.
“I don’t know yet. Maybe just help out as staff at the orphanage once I’m old enough. I 
was even thinking about going to an institution to get better at ki. I know they offer 
free tuition and stuff if you’re qualified.” I shrugged.
“You’re joking, right?” he fumed, stopping in the middle of the hallway. “I know we owe 
a lot to Headmaster Wilbeck and I get that you want to repay her, but staying here to 
do that is short-minded. With your talent, you can do so much more once you’ve gotten 
a proper education!”
“Which brings me to why I was thinking of the institu—”
“That’s not education,” Nico interrupted. “Those institutions are designed to churn out 
mindless soldiers and find potential candidates for kings. I’ve read some journals 
about those places—how students there are worked to the point of near-death; how 
candidates get booted out if they don’t cut it.”
“You sound like the headmaster,” I grumbled as I started walking again.
“Because you don’t have any motivation to do something. Sure, you like training, but 
you have no goal past that,” he admonished. “School is a place where you can find out 
what you want to do while learning about this world—without restriction or bias, like 
the institution.”
“Well, money is still an issue,” I pointed out. “If we want to go to school, it’d have to be 
by next year.”
Nico’s expression softened at my compliance. “Well, lucky for you, you happen to have 
a friend that actually thinks and plans for the future. I’ve almost managed to save 
enough money from our little ‘missions’ for us to go school—of course, banking on the 
assumption that I get at least a partial scholarship.”
“Wait, weren’t you supposed to give the money to the orphanage?”
“I did”—Nico assumed an innocent expression—“some of it.”
I shook my head with a groan. “I should’ve known.”
“After we get a proper education, we can properly help Headmaster Wilbeck and the
kids here. I guarantee it’ll be better for the orphanage that way.” My friend patted me 
on the back. “Come on. Let’s go to the dining area before our food gets cold.”
“Why not save enough money to take Cecilia to school with us as well?” I teased one 
last time as I followed Nico down the hall.
“Zip it! I’m telling you, I have no interest in her!” he retorted, refusing to look me in the 
eye.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I opened my eyes to the soft glow of the morning sun. Even hidden behind a layer of 
clouds, its rays somehow seemed to bore holes into my retinas. The aching in my skull 
pulsed rhythmically—a constant reminder of the glasses, if not bottles, of alcohol I had 
consumed during the previous night.
Squinting, I attempted to get up, but with a sickly moan I immediately retreated back 
underneath the woolen cloak I’d used as a blanket. My mouth was dry, sticky with 
thick saliva.
Suddenly my cloak—the only thing protecting me from the outside world—was 
ripped away from me.
“Morning, General,” Vanesy’s familiar voice chimed from above. The bright timbre of 
her voice was normally easy on the ears, but the strength of my hangover made it 
sound sharp and grating.
“As your superior, I order you to unhand my blanket and let me sleep,” I mumbled 
irritably.
“No can do. You were the one who decided to push the meeting with Captain Auddyr 
off until morning,” she said, pulling my unwilling body up. “Splash some cold water on 
your face and meet us at the tent.” Vanesy handed me a small stack of papers clipped 
together. “Here. Read this before you meet with me and Captain Auddyr,” she said 
before leaving.
Grumbling under my breath, I got up, taking in my surroundings for the first time 
today. I’d somehow managed to get to the top of the cliff overlooking the camp.
‘You didn’t manage to do anything last night.’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head like a 
kick to the brain.
Easy, Sylv. My head is killing me, I complained as I spotted my bond in her dragon form, 
approaching from the forest behind me. What happened, anyway?
“I dragged your drunk corpse of a body up here to let you sleep, and to keep you from 
making a fool of yourself before even announcing your position to everyone,” she 
chided in a mellow voice I hadn’t heard in a few days.
“How was the watch last night? Nothing unusual?” I asked, attempting to change the 
subject.
She glowed brightly before shrinking into her pearly white fox form, then hopped on 
my shoulder. “It was quiet. There was a thick layer of fog throughout the western shore 
so I couldn’t find any enemy ships. I would’ve gone further but I was afraid they might 
find me.”
“You did good,” I said. “Now, where can I wash my face?”
“There should be washing stations in the encampment, but there’s a stream just a little 
ways into the forest that I think you’d prefer,” she answered, a wisp of fog forming in 
front of her snout as she spoke.
“Stream it is.”
The crisp air helped my recovery, but it was the first splash of cold water on my face 
that really cleared my head. I wished I could wash away the toxins in my brain as well, 
but at least I was fully functional by the time Sylvie and I arrived in front of the 
captain’s tent.
I glanced up from the stack of papers, which I’d hurriedly flipped through on my way 
from the stream, only to see the familiar guard stationed outside the tent. “You. What’s 
your name?”
“It’s Mable Esterfield, sir—I mean, General,” he stated. He kept his eyes aimed straight 
in front of him, and his posture rigid.
“What an unfitting, pretty name,” I commented, patting him on the shoulder as he 
regarded me with a confused expression.
I made my way into the tent, and was greeted by a gust of warm air from the small 
furnace beside the desk.
Standing next to Vanesy was a man primmed from head to toe in overly-elegant 
military attire. Next to him, Vanesy looked like a mere foot soldier, while, compared to 
the two of them, I was no more than a peasant boy.
With his silvery blond hair slicked back neatly behind his narrow ears, Captain Auddyr 
stood poised with his back ramrod straight. He looked to be no older than my father, 
but there were wrinkles lining his face that told me how much of his life he had spent 
scowling. His sharp brows and deep-set eyes seemed to pierce through me with an 
expression as if he were looking down at a rebellious son.
“Captain, this is General Arthur Leywin. Arth—General Leywin, this is Captain Jarnas 
Auddyr, of the 2nd Division.” Captain Auddyr and I locked gazes as we were introduced.
“It’s nice to meet you, Captain.” I smiled as I held out my hand, hoping I looked better 
than I felt.
Captain Auddyr returned my gesture and shook my hand. “The pleasure is mine, 
General,” he said with a grunt, then immediately turned to Vanesy. “Captain Glory. My 
division has made camp in the nearby woods up the cliffside. It’d be best for both of 
our divisions to get acquainted before we bring our forces together.”
She shot me an uncomfortable glance before answering. “I agree. We’ll need both 
divisions to be acquainted with each other as quickly as possible. General Leywin, 
what do you think is the best way to divide our forces in case of an attack?”
I looked back down at the bundle of papers Vanesy had given me that morning, which 
detailed the hard numbers for each division, as well as an inventory of armaments and 
supplies… I was reading through the numbers of mages and foot soldiers when 
Captain Auddyr spoke up.
“Integrating our divisions so that all our foot soldiers are lined up in position to receive 
an attack from the coast would be best,” he declared.
Vanesy shook her head. “Captain Auddyr, General Leywin has been entrusted with 
overseeing our divisions, so it’d be best to—”
“General Leywin is responsible, as a Lance, to make sure our divisions are ready in 
case of an attack, but as a mighty Lance, he should be aware that captains are the most 
knowledgeable about their own divisions,” Captain Auddyr cut in as I continued 
reading through the small bundle of papers.
‘I’m getting the urge to slap him with my tail,’ Sylvie grunted, almost making me laugh 
aloud.
After finishing my cursory read of the details of Captain Auddyr’s division, I gave the 
papers back to Vanesy. “It seems I’m not needed here then. I’ll just go grab a bite to 
eat.”
“General Leywin!” Vanesy called from behind me.
I looked over my shoulder. “Yes?”
“Isn’t there anything you’d like to add?” she replied, seeming uneasy about how our 
meeting had progressed.
“Well, if you want my input, I’d say allocating a hundred percent of a force to one 
position is never a wise move.” I shrugged.
Captain Auddyr’s brow twitched as he attempted to mask his contempt. It was obvious 
that he wasn’t used to being defied, especially not by someone younger than him.
“We are the last form of defense on the western shore in case any stray Alacryan ships 
come from the ocean. Where else would they attack from, General?” he hissed, 
stressing my title as if it were an insult.
“Captain, I’m trying to be civil here,” I said, turning around. “As you said, Commander 
Virion asked me to be here in the unlikely event that the worst-case scenario happens, 
so that’s the perspective I’m coming from.”
I took another step toward him, my nonchalant demeanor dissipating. “However, I 
suggest you not confuse my indifference toward this specific matter with some 
misguided notion that you hold the reins here. Understand?”
Captain Auddyr involuntarily took a step away from me, sweat lining the sides of his 
scowling face. “Understood.”
I nodded. “Good. I never intended to play a hands-on role in the decisions you make 
so I’ll leave it up to the two of you.”
As I prepared to leave, however, the howls of distant screams caught my attention. The 
three of us exchanged glances, all of us confused as to what was going on.
We dashed out of the tent to see all the soldiers—some still with bowls of food in their 
hands—staring up toward the cliff where the screams and cries were coming from. So 
still was the camp in that moment, that it felt as if time has stopped. Then, an oblong 
object flew off the edge of the cliff and rolled down, landing near us.
It was a bloodied sword—with a severed arm, clad in armor, still gripping the handle.
Both captains behind me seemed momentarily stupefied as we all stared at the 
severed arm—hand still clenching the sword, a pool of blood forming beneath it. 
Sylvie slipped free of my cloak and darted toward the gory remains.
“Soldiers on guard! Stand by for battle!” I roared, projecting my voice as loudly and 
distinctly as possible to get everyone’s attention.
The soldiers roused from their daze at my commands. The new recruits scrambled to 
their belongings, fumbling as they put on their armor. The veteran adventurers and 
experienced soldiers, already wearing their under-armor garments, deftly buckled on 
their protective gear as the screams and sharp clangs of metal continued echoing from 
above the cliff.
Captains Glory and Auddyr were already dressed in light armor and had snapped back 
to their senses, both a bit embarrassed by their poor response to the situation.
“Captain Auddyr. The armor on this arm isn’t something a passerby would have—it’s 
military attire. Didn’t you say your division was stationed up on the cliff?” The camp 
had grown loud with activity, and I had to yell.
The once surly-faced captain paled in horror as he studied the armor one more time. 
He was about to leap up the cliff, but I held him down by the metal gorget that 
protected his shoulders and chest. “Stay here until the division is ready.”
“Unhand me! My soldiers are under attack without their leader!” Captain Auddyr 
hissed, with no trace of his former haughty and composed self.
Tightening my grip, I pulled him close. “Captain. If you go in alone and are killed, your 
soldiers will be in a worse position than they’re in now.”
I surveyed the encampment as Captain Glory led her division into an organized 
formation. Most of the soldiers were already prepared and grouped based on their 
position. Rather than one large group, Vanesy had split her forces up into separate 
units, each composed of its own ranks of foot soldiers, augmenters, archers, and 
mages.
With a cursory glance, I saw that the ones at the very front of each unit were foot 
soldiers—regular humans and elves with thick armor and large shields, since they’d 
be taking the brunt of an attack. Along the flanks were augmenters responsible for 
guarding the conjurers and archers as they fired arrows and spells.
The head—the leader of a unit—was positioned just behind the footsoldiers, an ideal 
spot for giving orders and protecting the conjurers as well.
Vanesy looked at me and signaled that she was ready. Letting go of Captain Auddyr, I 
motioned for him to join his fellow captain as I moved toward the rear where the 
smiths and cooks were grouped, Sylvie at my heels.
As the division began making its way up the steep slope up the cliff, I pondered who 
could be attacking. We were near the southern border of Sapin, where the 
underground kingdom of Darv began. At first, my mind immediately went to a mana 
beast attack, but the point of injury on the severed arm was too clean of a cut for it to 
have been claws or fangs. It was possible that they were attacked by some of the 
nomadic bandits I’d read about, who travelled aboveground along the southern parts 
of Dicathen. It could also be a radical group that was opposed to the war with Alacrya, 
but there was no way to know for sure—and the fact that a severed arm had sailed 
down the cliff made me think there was something else going on.
“Madam Astera, will you be okay here?” I asked when I spotted the head chef, who was 
now wearing plated armor.
“No problems here. Captain Glory ordered some of the augmenters to stay behind to 
guard us, but I’m also here, remember?” She gave me a confident smirk.
“You’re right. I’ll be heading off then.” I was about to turn back toward the cliff when 
Madam Astera gripped my arm.
“Arthur,” she said, her expression gravely serious. “You can never be too careful.”
“I hope you practice what you preach.” To Sylvie, I thought, You better get ready.
‘Is it okay for me to transform out in the open so soon?’ she asked, quirking her fox head 
to the side slightly.
No need to hold back right now. I need to know what’s going on up there, and fast.
Sylvie’s small body began glowing and expanded into the form of a mighty dragon. Her 
obsidian scales glimmered from the morning sun, putting the sparkling ocean to 
shame. Her translucent yellow eyes looked down at me with intelligence and an 
animal-like ferocity. The burly cooks and barrel-chested smiths with arms as thick as 
my torso gawked in reverence; some even toppled over like infants learning to walk.
I leaped to the base of my bond’s neck and grabbed onto a ridged spike. Looking over 
my shoulder once more, I saw the awestruck expression plastered on Madam Astera’s 
delicate face as Sylvie’s large wings beat down to produce a powerful gale.
Sylvie kicked off the ground and swung her wings once more to lift off. The powerful 
winds produced by this startled the marching units, led by their heads with Captains 
Glory and Auddyr in the front, but I was already too far up to make out any of their 
expressions.
I had planned on flying directly over where Captain Auddyr’s division should be, but 
instead Sylvie soared up into the layer of clouds overhead. ‘Arthur, before we engage in 
battle you should know that I’m limited in what I can do to help.’
Are you talking about the asura’s treaty? I asked, afraid that I would not be able to fight 
alongside my bond.
‘That’s an area of concern Aldir has warned me about, but it’s not just that. With the 
awakening process that Grandfather Indrath made me undergo for my aether powers, 
it’ll still take a while before I’m able to assist you with any magic. Until my powers are 
fully awakened and under control, I’ll be limited to what I can do physically in this form. 
I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier.’
I stroked the side of my bond’s large neck, berating myself for not taking her condition 
into account. I knew I had cut her training short, but I’d never realized what a crucial 
time it had been for her. No, don’t be. At least I know now.
It didn’t take us long to reach our destination. We could hear the sounds of an ensuing 
battle but it wasn’t until we dropped below the layer of clouds blocking our view that 
we realized the severity of the situation at hand.
‘This can’t be possible.’ Sylvie’s thoughts were laced with disbelief at the sight below, 
but as someone who’d seen the surprises war brought, I could only see this as a 
miscalculation—a rather severe one.
Down below, in a field of grass stained red and black with blood and smoke, was what 
could only be the Alacryan army.
Their forces, about five thousand strong, were currently engaged with Captain 
Auddyr’s division. The soldiers were no larger than insects from here, but it was easy 
to distinguish them. Unlike the Dicathen army, the Alacryan soldiers seemed to have a 
standardized color of deep red emblazoned on their dark gray armor.
Sylvie’s back lurched as she prepared to dive down, but I stopped her. No. Let’s stay 
hidden here for now.
‘Stay hidden? Allies are dying down there and you wish to stay hidden?’ Her anger was 
evident in her words, but I knew she already knew my intentions.
We can’t get involved in every battle. Right now, our priority is knowing what we’re up 
against. I kept my gaze firmly locked on the scene below, regretting not having any 
transmission scrolls to communicate with Virion as I gritted my teeth against the 
knowledge that I couldn’t act.
‘How were they able to make it all the way here without us knowing? They may not have 
come across a major city yet, but the dwarves should’ve known that an army was 
marching through their land.’
“Maybe they did know,” I muttered, taking note of the faint path they’d created during 
their march. Change of plans. Sylv, can you stay hidden and follow the trail the Alacryans 
made on their way here? I’ll join the fight while blending in as a regular soldier.
‘What if you get into trouble? I’ll be too far away to help.’ I could hear the disapproval 
in her voice.
Vanesy’s division is going to arrive soon and I have a bad feeling that, even though we 
outnumber them, it’ll be a losing battle unless I help.
‘All the more reason for me to stay and help you,’ Sylvie argued.
Please. If my suspicions are correct, this war might not be as simple as us versus them. 
You’re the only one here who can make the journey there and back fast enough. I’ll stay 
safe, Sylv.
‘Fine. But the moment I sense you’re in danger, I’m coming back and taking you away 
whether you’re conscious or not,’ Sylvie said with a grunt.
Thanks. I patted my bond before I let myself fall off her back. The crisp winter air felt 
like sharp whips lashing at me as I hurtled toward the ground. I intentionally veered 
away from the battle as to not attract attention.
Just before landing into a cluster of trees, I enveloped my body in mana, erasing my 
presence before casting a wind spell. Despite crashing through a few dry branches, I 
was able, with the help of magic to soften my impact, to reach the ground quietly 
enough.
“The things I do to blend in,” I muttered, picking broken twigs and leaves out of my 
hair. I remained hidden within the thick cluster of trees until I heard Vanesy’s division 
arrive.
“Tred! Vester! Take your units around for a left flank. Dirk, Sasha, to the right!” 
Vanesy’s voice resounded with confident precision. “Everyone else, we group with 
Captain Auddyr’s forces and hit those Alacryan bastards from the front!”
Dashing out, I headed for Captain Glory. On instinct, Vanesy whirled both her swords 
at me before realizing who I was.
“Damn it, Arthur. Don’t scare me like that!” she snapped. “What are you doing here? I 
saw you and your bond fly off.”
“And leave my precious subordinate behind?” I smirked. “No. I sent Sylvie on an 
equally important side mission.”
“Well, it’s damn reassuring to have you with us. If we survive, we’re going to have to 
find out how an Alacryan force of this size was able to get around us.”
I nodded my head. “How about we leave a few alive to try and get the answer out of 
them?”
Vanesy’s lips curved into a wicked grin as she raised her longswords. “Sounds like a 
plan.”
Vanesy’s soldiers roared, men and women alike, as they reached the Alacryan army. I 
stood behind for a minute, watching as steel cut into flesh. Indecipherable mutters 
sounded from the conjurers as they prepared their spells, while archers released 
volleys of arrows from behind the protection of the augmenters and foot soldiers.
But my focus was on the Alacryan soldiers. The uneasy feeling I’d had since watching 
them from the sky had only become worse as they began to retaliate.
For some absurd reason, I’d expected our enemies to be something like the Vritra—
monsters of evil. However, looking at them, they were no different from our soldiers, 
except that they were adorned in dark gray and red. This fact only dawned on me as I 
locked eyes with an enemy soldier.
The soldier’s eyes narrowed as he readied to strike. I picked up a bloodstained sword 
from the ground as he dashed toward me. I tried to sense what level his core was, and 
was surprised to find that I was unable to read it. The soldier spread his arms while 
his fingers curled like claws. Suddenly, without even the influx of mana to warn me, 
gigantic claws manifested around his hands. He lashed out with his mana claws at a 
ferocious speed.
I ducked, only to see a row of trees behind me topple at the strength of my opponent’s 
attack. With the speed of his spell-casting and the power behind it, I could only assume 
he was at least a yellow core augmenter—maybe even a silver core.
I augmented my sword and countered with an upward swing, but a translucent barrier 
shimmered just below the mage, protecting the area underneath his chest where I’d 
been aiming.
What the hell. I whipped my head over my shoulder, sensing that the spell hadn’t come 
from him. About thirty feet away from me was another soldier, his hands outstretched 
and brows knitted in concentration. Although I only had a moment, as most of my 
attention remained focused on my current opponent, it was clear that this second 
soldier realized that I was aware of him.
The translucent panel that had protected my opponent an instant earlier moved and 
enlarged, forming as a wall between me and the conjurer. I’d never seen someone 
manipulate a barrier with such efficiency, so it was obvious who my priority should 
be. However, the clawed soldier was already moving again, slashing at my neck, forcing 
me to lose sight of his companion and defend myself.
Dropping the scavenged sword, I grabbed the attacker’s forearm, avoiding the claw, 
and stomped down with my right foot. A pillar of earth punched up from the ground 
like a battering ram.
This time, whether because the conjurer behind me hadn’t expected the spell or was 
too worried about shielding himself, no barrier formed. The clawed augmenter 
attempted to sidestep, ripping his arm free from my grasp, but the pillar still struck 
his ribs. I was surprised by the sound my spell produced on impact—the sound of 
bones cracking underneath his now-dented armor. Did this idiot not augment his body?
Gnashing his teeth with a pained expression, the augmenter ignored his obvious 
injury and lunged toward me, his mana claws extended. With my fists wrapped in 
electricity, I met his strike head-on. I expected him to counter or use another spell, but 
he didn’t. My lightning-clad fist shattered his mana claws and broke his wrist on 
impact.
I held off on finishing him, my curiosity getting the better of me. He didn’t pose a real 
threat to me, but something about how he fought—how they fought—didn’t make any 
sense. I’d thought the opponent in front of me was an experienced augmenter, but his 
body wasn’t even protected by mana. If not for the mana claw absorbing some of the 
impact, his arm would’ve been torn off completely.
The augmenter soldier was down on one knee, his left arm dangling at his side. A 
flicker of disbelief and awe crossed his face, then he clicked his tongue, turning his 
gaze toward the barrier-casting soldier. “Oi, Shield!” he barked. “Total body 
enhancement, now!”
The chaos of combat was all around me, the sound of metal clashing and spells firing 
resonant in the air. The musty stench of burning wood overwhelmed all other smells 
as a thin cloud of smoke enveloped the battlefield.
However, despite the chaos, my battle with the augmenter seemed confined—almost 
isolated—as if the soldiers around us deliberately left us alone. Perhaps the people 
fighting nearby were too focused on their own battles, but I was suspicious that there 
was some sort of illusion put in place. I couldn’t quite tell, but it left me with more 
questions. How was their attack force structured? Why did their soldier’s seem to 
manifest their mana in such singular ways? Clearly their fighting tactics were 
fundamentally different than ours. I knew I’d need to discover more—much more—
about their forces if we were to win this war.
The conjurer manifested a thin veil of mana around the augmenter’s body. While my 
opponent’s injuries remained, he no longer looked fatigued as he rose from his knee 
with renewed vigor.
With a click of his tongue, he peeled his eyes from me and focused his gaze on a point 
in the distance. It was obvious he was signaling to someone besides the conjurer who 
had protected him thus far.
With a stern nod, his gaze fell back to me. Mana enveloped his hands into the same 
claw-shaped form as before and he readied himself to attack. As he did, a faint hiss 
from behind warned me of an incoming spell.
Remembering my mana interpretation training with Myre back in Epheotus, I was 
tempted to activate Realmheart to finish this off quickly, but I decided against doing 
anything that would draw too much attention to myself.
I whipped around in time to see a blast of fire hurtling toward me. Condensing a gale 
of wind to spiral around my hand like a drill, I dispersed the fire spell while 
simultaneously pivoting away from the augmenter’s strike, stepping into a defensive 
posture. The moss-covered roots nearby caught on fire from the scattered embers of 
the conjurer’s spell. The once peaceful clearing within the forest was turning into a pit 
of blood and fire as more and more soldiers from both sides emptied their life onto 
the ground.
The augmenter’s movements were rather concise and well-coordinated despite the 
uneven terrain, but years of sparring against Kordri made his attacks seem sluggish. 
The augmenter lashed out with a combination of strikes, but his mana claws hit only 
air.
Was he only capable of using those mana claws?
“He was right. You’re not just some foot soldier,” he spat as he whirled back around in 
preparation to pounce on me once more.
“He?” I asked, bewildered as to who could’ve possibly given him this information.
He remained silent and dashed toward me, using a tree stump as a foothold to leap off 
of with his mana claws poised to strike.
I positioned myself to meet the assault head on, and when his claws were just inches 
away from my face, I withdrew my own fist and swayed to the left. I drove my fist 
toward the augmenter’s open ribs, but the veil of mana surrounding his body 
condensed where I struck.
The mana barrier protecting my opponent’s ribs cracked, and the force of my punch 
sent the augmenter tumbling to the ground. When he got back up, his face was 
contorted with frustration and anger, but he seemed unhurt.
I looked around quickly to find the conjurer again. His brows were knitted in 
concentration, his hands trembling. I could tell that he had used his power to block my 
attack again. Why was it that the soldiers around the conjurer—enemies and allies 
alike—seemed to ignore him entirely?
Is there really something like an illusion around us?
Just then, another fireball shot toward me. Before I dispersed it—such things were 
little more than an annoyance—I tracked the fiery trail back to the enemy mage’s 
location. Now I knew where the fire-thrower was hiding: fifty feet away, directly 
ahead, positioned somewhere on top of a cluster of large, moss-covered rocks, and 
largely obscured by the trees between us.
“She’s over there, right?” I asked with a smirk, pointing in her direction.
The augmenter remained silent, apparently not in the mood to exchange witty 
remarks. He pulled himself up to his feet with the help of a nearby tree, desperation 
evident on his rugged face. Keeping his deep set eyes locked on mine, he clapped his 
hands together. As he did, multiple images of himself appeared around me, resolving 
my suspicion—there was certainly illusion or deceptive magic involved.
Soon, there were at least a dozen figures of the augmenter all in different—very lifelike—poses, all ready to attack.
I looked at the illusions manifested around me, making sure that both Dicathen and 
Alacryan soldiers were unaware of what was happening, and let out a stifled laugh.
“This is funny?” the augmenter growled, his voice echoing from twelve individual 
mouths.
“I’m sorry,” I answered, still smiling. Around me, the dozen or so identical augmenters, 
all with glowing mana claws, snarled in response. “Thanks to this illusion, I can let 
loose a little.”
Pushing my consciousness deep into my mana core, I activated Realmheart. A burst of 
mana exploded out of me, and my vision faded into an achromatic state. There was a 
warm, comfortable sensation as power washed over me; glowing runes flowed down 
my arms and my back, and my long, auburn hair blazed into bright, silver-white light.
The clones that had moments ago seemed identical in my normal state were now no 
more than clusters of white mana particles shaped into the form of a man. Only one 
figure stood solid and real before me. I noted that the illusion wasn’t invoked by the 
hidden mage but rather the ‘Shield.’
Locking my gaze on the augmenter, it was obvious from his expression that he knew 
there was something dreadfully overwhelming about me. Beads of sweat rolled down 
his face as he regarded me with fearful perplexity. Despite his wariness, the 
augmenter—along with all of his clones—dashed toward me, clawed mana gauntlets 
ready to strike.
At the same time, the mage conjured another blast of fire—larger, this time—in sync 
with the augmenter’s assault. Raising my output of mana, I ignored the illusions and 
aimed a lightning punch at the real augmenter’s mana claws, shattering his spell. 
Grabbing a tight hold of his exposed hand, I used his momentum to redirect him 
toward the fire blast.
I caught a glimpse of my opponent’s eyes widening in horror before being struck by 
the full brunt of his ally’s spell. Several layers of barriers attempted to protect the 
augmenter, and even though they all shattered from the force of the blast, the 
augmenter survived.
The illusory clones flickered before disappearing as I turned my attention toward the 
mage, who was preparing yet another spell.
Wordlessly, I raised my left arm and coalesced mana into the tips of my fingers.
“Shiel—Cayfer! Protect Maylin!” the augmenter roared, still struggling to get up from 
the ground.
The conjurer named Cayfer, who the augmenter had previously referred to as ‘Shield,’ 
nodded furiously as I finished preparing my spell. Jagged vines of electricity coiled 
down my arm like a serpent, gathering at the tips of my index and middle finger.
Using my right arm to help stabilize my aim, I concentrated on the hidden mage, who 
was clearly visible to me, thanks to Realmheart.
“Release,” I muttered.
The thin bullet of lightning shot out from the tips of my two fingers, piercing directly 
through the trees that stood between us.
The layers of translucent barriers that formed in the bullet’s path were instantly 
shattered, unable to prevent my spell from hitting the cluster of rocks I had been 
aiming at.
There was no dramatic scream or howl of pain in the distance, only the soft thud of 
the mage’s limp body falling off the boulder.
“No! Maylin!” the barrier caster cried out as he ran toward his fallen comrade, 
abandoning his post.
As the mage fell and Cayfer’s concentration broke, the illusion separating us from the 
larger battle disappeared. As if a window had been opened, the world became clearer 
around me and the near-muted volume of the battle going on resumed in full blast. It 
wasn’t long before I got swept up in the chaos.
I released Realmheart but brought out Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring. I 
turned to the mana clawed augmenter, but he was gone. There were plenty of other 
enemies around, however, and they could all see me now. As I was pulled into the 
battle proper, the translucent teal blade of my sword arched around me, drawing 
blood wherever it struck.
The battle between the two sides had gone on for less than an hour, yet the ground 
was littered with corpses and body parts—severed legs, lopped off heads, and 
chopped arms still spewing blood.
The cold winter air, filled with smoke from the many trees lit aflame by spell-fire, no 
longer masked the acrid stench of blood and burning flesh, while the tight quarters of 
the forest surrounding the battle further amplified the cacophony of screams.
While the enemy was fewer in number, they had many more mages than our divisions. 
Augmenters with mana-imbued weapons pierced through our foot soldiers while 
conjurers struck from a distance.
Many enemies rushed me in the heat of battle, some with unique techniques like the 
mana-clawed augmenter, such as whips of fire or armor made of stone. There was one 
enemy augmenter that’d killed several of our soldiers by conjuring water down their 
throats until they’d drown.
Yet, none of that made a difference to me. My mind grew numb and my body seemed 
to move on its own. I stalked through the battlefield, killing any enemy who stood in 
my way, regardless of their powers. In minutes, I was red to the elbows with their 
blood. But as each man fell dead, a new enemy would step over his corpse to face me.
As I drew my blade from the bloody chest of another dead man, I had a thought; words 
were rarely spoken in the midst of battle. Words were useless here. Instead, the 
soldiers burst out with primitive cries or bestial yells, drunk on the battle-frenzy as 
they flailed their weapons about, hardly able to recognize friend from foe. There was 
nothing good about this kind of war. It resulted only in death. Perhaps, if men fought 
with words instead of weapons… but when a man has weapons, words are useless. 
And so the cycle of killing and death goes on.
I kicked away the limp body and used its clothes to wipe the blood from my sword. I’d 
conserved much of my mana but constantly fighting for almost an hour had taken a 
toll on my body.
I surveyed the other soldiers when the sight of a familiar person caught my eye. She 
had just parried her opponent’s axe to the ground when her gaze landed on mine as 
well. Her lips were curved up into a confident smile as she positioned to drive her 
gauntlet into her opponent’s face.
CEDRY
I dashed forward, slipping and swaying out of the Alacryan’s reach until he was open. 
Then I drove my gauntlet into his side, the satisfying crack of his ribs indicating that 
he was down.
“Slut,” the narrow-eyed man spat as he buckled over, blood leaking from his lips. He 
desperately grabbed onto me to keep from falling, his hands clawing at the leather 
straps across my shoulder and chest, yanking them out of place and loosening my 
armor.
“Is that your last word, dog?” I said, spitting in his face. I swung my gauntlet down onto 
his hand, breaking his wrist, then put the ugly bastard out of his misery with a firm 
slam to his head. I couldn’t help but grin, elated and thrilled by the victory as an 
intense furor built up inside me.
Another fool tried to sneak behind my back but I dodged his sword and whipped 
around. The short, bearded Alacryan raised his shield as he prepared to strike again.
My heart pounded and everything seemed a bit sluggish—like the night before after 
ten mugs of ale. I swung my fist, augmenting my body and gauntlet, and punched 
straight through the soldier’s metal shield.
The resulting clash was so loud that it made my ears ring, but the force of my strike 
ripped the shield from the soldier’s arm. I didn’t give him the time to recover, pivoting 
off of my lead leg to gain momentum for a roundhouse chop.
His eyes widened as he desperately tried to bring his arm up to block my strike, but 
his shield arm wouldn’t lift, still numb from the shock of my earlier punch. Instead, he 
tried to parry with his sword, but he couldn’t stop the blade of my hand from reaching 
his prominent Adam’s apple.
The soldier fell back, squirming, with his hands wrapped around his neck as he 
struggled to breathe. After a desperate gurgle, his body felt limp before me.
I let out a fearsome roar. No man can belittle me here. Only strength is absolute on the 
battlefield!
My cry attracted the attention of a nearby axe-wielding Alacryan brute. While his body 
was much larger than mine, his movements were slow. As he swung down, his axe 
began glowing yellow and a layer of mana spread over his body. Looking at the 
different elemental affinity of mana surrounding his axe compared to his body, it 
seemed like someone else had cast a spell to protect him, but I didn’t have time to 
question. I didn’t have time to be surprised. Strength is absolute.
I willed all of my mana into my right fist as I turned my body to the side to dodge his 
attack. I caught a glimpse of my reflection as the flat of his axe swung down; there was 
a euphoric—almost crazed—smile pasted on my face.
I used the momentum of his attack and parried the axe down to the ground. Over the 
brutes shoulder, I caught sight of the country boy that beat everyone he’d sparred 
against—even Madam Astera. There were talks of some of the soldiers mentioning the 
kid was a Lance. I’d scoffed at the ridiculous notion at the time, but as I stood here, 
just a few dozen feet away from him, and the pile of corpses strewn around him, I 
couldn’t help but wonder if they were right.
My eyes finally met his, but rather than the calm, playful expression he’d worn all 
through last night, his eyes were widened as he desperately mouthed something to 
me.
I couldn’t hear what he was saying, but it didn’t matter, I’d ask him later. The axewielder was still struggling to pull his weapon out from the ground, when I felt a sharp 
searing pain in my chest.
In an instant, all of my strength and furor was snuffed out. My hands could no longer 
clench into fists. The ground was suddenly closer as I realized I’d fallen to my knees. I 
looked down at the source of my pain, only to see a gaping hole where my chest used 
to be.
I instinctively tried to cover the hole with my hands, only to feel a burning pain spread 
through my palms. I pried my gaze away from my wound to a scorched crater in the 
ground in front of me. A spell…
I lost feeling in my legs as I crumpled to the floor. My last thought as I grew sleepy and 
cold, was how tall the bloodstained grass looked from down here.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I gnashed my teeth at the sight of Cedry’s body falling limp on the ground. The enemy 
axe-wielder pried his weapon out of the ground and prepared to swing down. His 
arrogant sneer exposed his yellow teeth, then I saw a thin blade protruding from his 
gorget.
As the axe-wielder’s body slumped, Jona—Cedry’s friend—came into view. With a 
firm tug, he pulled his bloodied dagger free from the body of the man he’d just stabbed, 
then kneeled down next to Cedry.
Idiot. What are you doing—in the middle of a battle?
I was inclined to leave him; that’s what Grey would’ve done. But I was reminded of last 
night—the talk we’d had before I went up to fight onstage, and the carefree night of 
drinking that had followed. I knew them hardly any better than the enemies I was 
facing, but the sentiments we’d briefly shared the night before—albeit half-drunk—
tugged at my consciousness, nudging me to help him.
With an annoyed click of my tongue, I dashed toward Jona, who was cradling Cedry’s 
corpse tenderly in his arms. An enemy augmenter, pulling the tip of his spear out of a 
soldier’s head, caught sight of Jona. Even underneath the helmet that covered much of 
his face, it was obvious that he was grinning at his luck.
Concentrating on the ground just below his feet, I shot a stone spike at the enemy. The 
spear-wielder narrowly avoided a fatal injury, flopping awkwardly to the ground as he 
clutched his bleeding side.
I increased the output of mana to my body and changed course, moving toward the 
wounded soldier. As he lay writhing on the ground in pain, I stepped on his chest to 
keep him steady.
Mercilessly, I drove Dawn’s Ballad deep into the spear-wielder’s breastplate and 
watched the light go out in his eyes.
With one fluid motion, I slid my sword out and drew an arc, flinging the blood free of 
the blade, before stomping over to grab Jona by the collar of his uniform.
“You need to get out of here,” I growled, shaking him.
He looked back at me, his eyes flooded with tears. “Cedry, you’re going to be okay,” he 
mumbled, his gaze distant as he clung to the body of his half-elf companion like an 
infant.
The sharp whistles of incoming arrows and the faint hiss of spells approaching drew 
my attention, but with both my arms occupied I could only do so much. I’d been stingy 
in my usage of mana—against the unlikely scenario that I had to fight against one of 
the Four Scythes or a retainer—but if I wanted to get Jona and Cedry to a safe place, I 
needed to expend more mana than I’d wanted to.
Grey’s voice echoed in my head, chastising me, urging me to leave them and conserve 
my mana for the worst-case scenario.
Cursing under my breath, I knocked Jona out with a firm punch to his solar plexus. His 
body spasmed from the shock I’d added to ensure that he’d be out cold as I heaved 
him over my shoulder and used my free arm to scoop up the half-elf’s body by her 
waist.
Under my arm, Cedry’s thin corpse seemed to weigh more than Jona’s body. I couldn’t 
do anything about her arms and blonde hair dragging on the ground, but Jona’s 
unconscious body seemed to take offense, his arms dangling towards her from my 
shoulder, as if trying to scoop her up.
Ignoring the creeping desire to just drop them back on the ground, I freely released 
the mana I had been conserving. An intoxicating sense of power rushed out of my core, 
spreading through my limbs and filling me with renewed strength. Tuning out the 
chaotic clamor around me, I focused entirely on the mana suffusing me.
Because of the rapidly spreading smoke and fire, I willed a spiraling barrier out of the 
air and prepared to rush them back to base. A translucent layer of mana whirled 
around us as the torrent of wind and stone began shaping itself into a sphere.
Strengthening my body, I surged forward with the speed of a wild stallion. 
Immediately, I had to tighten my grip on Jona and Cedry to keep them from falling. The 
barrier I’d conjured remained strong despite the arrows and spells that bombarded 
it, igniting sparks each time an enemy hit it. The barrier was deflecting anything that 
came our way, but the spell was constantly eating away my mana reserves.
Thanks to the Mana Rotation technique I’d learned from Sylvia, though, I could recover 
from even a demanding spell like this in a fairly short amount of time.
I plowed through the battlefield, gritting my teeth to cope with the weight of my two 
passengers as I concentrated solely on keeping the barrier active despite the 
intensifying attacks.
My body jerked as a particularly powerful spell bombarded the sphere, but I held firm 
and channeled more mana into the spell. Cries echoed within the forest as the enemy 
soldiers ordered their subordinates to bring me down.
At least with all their conjurers focused on me, Vanesy and her soldiers will have an 
easier time, I thought.
As soon as I was clear of the main battle, I released my spell. Immediately, an 
augmented arrow skimmed my cheek, drawing blood, then crashed into a tree with 
enough force to topple it.
Jona’s limp body sagged over my shoulder as I swung around to see who I was up 
against, still surprised by the strength of the attack. I didn’t have time to look for the 
archer, however, as two more arrows already whizzed toward me.
I had barely a second to react, but that would be enough. “Static Void.”
The deadly arrows were only inches away from me when I released the first phase of 
my dragon’s will. The world grew still as even the chaotic sounds of battle were 
silenced.
In one swift movement, I positioned my right foot on top of one arrow and bit down 
on the shaft of the other arrow. When I released Static Void, my neck immediately 
jerked from the force of the arrow in my mouth, and the arrow beneath my foot buried 
into the ground.
Turning in my attacker’s direction, I released a torrent of pure mana. For a moment, 
the afternoon sky grew dark as terrified birds shot from the trees and scattered across 
the sky, sensing the malicious intent I’d let loose.
I stood there for just a second, staring at the space where I thought the enemy archer 
was, his arrow in my mouth, warning him—warning him what I was capable of if he 
got in my way.
My unspoken threat seemed to have done the trick, and no more arrows or spells 
headed my way. Turning back, I bolted into the dense forest, making my way toward 
the edge of the cliff where we’d come from.
“Arthur? What happened?” a voice called out as I lowered Cedry and Jona to the ground 
at the edge of the encampment.
I looked up to see Madam Astera, blood on her face and her once-white apron. Noticing 
my gaze, she shook her head with a faint smile. “Don’t worry, it’s not my blood. I’m just 
helping the medics and emitters patch up some of the wounded that were brought 
back.”
I nodded. “I see. In that case, please take care of her”—I pointed to Cedry—“and look 
after Jona.”
Without waiting for the head chef’s response, I turned back to the cliff, ready to head 
back. But something tugged at my boot.
“Why? Why couldn’t you have saved her like you saved me?” Jona’s hoarse voice 
trembled as he tightened his grip around my ankle.
“I can’t save every soldier in a war,” I replied, unable to face him.
“Liar. I bet you could’ve if you really wanted to. You’re a Lance, right? I wasn’t sure until 
you caught that arrow with your mouth. For a second, I thought I was dreaming 
because the arrow stopped in mid-flight.”
I gritted my teeth in frustration—not at him, but at myself—and kicked my leg free 
from his grip. “Like I said, my priority isn’t to save every soldier I come across in war.”
“We might not’ve known each other that long, but if Cedry was alive, there’s no way 
she would’ve thought of you as ‘just a soldier,’ General.” There was venom lacing his 
voice as he emphasized my title.
Spinning around, I lifted Jona up by the scruff of his shirt once more and pulled him 
close. “I’m sorry for your friend, Jona, but pull your head out of your ass. There are 
enemies out there stronger than you can imagine—stronger than any adventurer 
you’ve ever worshipped—and you want me to expend all my energy to save everyone 
here? If I do that, who’s going to stop them? Who’s going to stop the enemy leaders 
that can level a mountain with a twitch of their fingers?”
The hate and blame in Jona’s eyes disappeared, replaced by guilt and sorrow as tears 
rolled down his cheeks. “What am I going to do? I promised her when we were little. I 
was finally going to keep the promise… I was going to ask her to marry me.”
My chest ached at his words, twisting into knots as my breath became short and 
ragged. I struggled to stay composed as I stared into Jona’s grief-stricken face.
“I’ll take care of him, Arthur,” Madam Astera whispered, pulling Jona back by his 
shoulders. “Go on.”
I gave a curt nod and turned away from Jona. Heading back up the cliff, my mind was 
clouded with thoughts of Jona and Cedry. I had seen them spar, seen them bicker; I’d 
seen them laugh together, but I’d never thought much about their relationship.
“Damn it,” I cursed as I weaved through the dense array of trees. The sounds of battle 
grew louder but my thoughts were focused on Jona’s parting words.
The faint whistle of an arrow snapped me back to reality. I spun out of the path of the 
projectile and conjured several throwing knives out of condensed ice, throwing them 
at the enemy archer without breaking stride. The pained grunt of the archer and the 
hollow thud of his body falling from the tree sounded behind me.
A few feet later, a bolt of electricity crackled toward me. The spell was powerful but, 
by the way it branched out and weakened, I could tell the caster was inexperienced in 
the deviant magic. Sidestepping away, I gathered mana to the tips of my fingers once 
more and released the spell.
Unlike my attacker’s lightning, mine shot out like a bullet. However, just before my 
spell reached its target, a metal wall rose from the ground, deflecting the streak of 
lightning harmlessly into the sky where it dissipated.
Annoying. I was beginning to see a pattern. For every Alacryan augmenter or conjurer 
fighting, there seemed to be a different conjurer whose sole duty was to protect them. 
The archer earlier didn’t seem to have been an augmenter, which would explain why 
he went down so easily.
Because the enemy conjurers and augmenters weren’t focused on protecting 
themselves while fighting, their attacks were much more relentless and brash.
My mood had turned sour since dropping Jona and Cedry back at camp, and my 
temper grew as more and more enemies attacked.
“Fine! You know what? The more of you I kill, the fewer of my soldiers will die!” I spat, 
my face a mask of wild menace. “Realmheart!”
Conjurers and augmenters who had been hiding now stuck out like sore thumbs as 
they prepared their attacks. The particles gathered around them, swirling and 
spinning in preparation, and it was all too clear what sort of spells they were 
conjuring. I needed more time to counter them.
All thoughts of mana conservation were gone as I once again released the first phase 
of my dragon’s will. The world froze once more and I quickly assessed the spells 
needed to counter the attacks of twelve different enemies. “Three blasts of fire, a 
barrage of sharpened rocks, augmented arrows, a lightning spell, condensed bullets 
of water, and a spell to draw my feet into the ground and immobilize me. Easy enough,” 
I murmured. As I had thought, conjuring the barrier to save Jona had drawn a lot of 
attention.
Seconds ticked away inside the suspended realm of Static Void. My body felt heavier, 
but I didn’t care. This was nothing. As soon as I was ready, I released Static Void and 
retaliated.
Immediately, spells detonated from all around me, a cacophony of screams and wails 
mixed in as well. Enemy and ally soldiers alike looked around, confused by the sudden 
explosion.
As I heaved out a breath, I smiled in satisfaction. Rather than canceling the enemy’s 
spells by using mana interpretation as Lady Myre had taught me, I had overloaded the 
Alacryan soldiers’ spells, causing a deadly backfire.
“How’s that, Jona? Are you satisfied?” I fumed.
“Arthur!” called a clear voice from behind me.
Looking over my shoulder, I spotted Captain Glory. She wore a hardened expression 
and her two longswords dripped with blood. Her hair had come loose from its ties and 
was caked with mud and dried blood, and her armor wasn’t any better off, but there 
was still a fire raging in her eyes.
“You look like crap, Vanesy.”
She scowled in mock outrage. “That’s not something you say to a woman, even during 
war.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said, managing a pained smile.
“Did you do that?” Vanesy asked, looking around.
I nodded. “I was testing something.”
“Testing something during battle? You never change.” She said, eyeing me 
thoughtfully.“Do you think you can do it again?”
“Probably,” I answered. Suddenly, Sylvie’s thoughts poured into my head. ‘Arthur, I’m 
coming back.’ There was a flood of emotions laced together with her message: worry, 
desperation, and fear.
What happened? Did you find something already? I sent back to my bond, her emotions 
affecting mine.
‘No, I had to stop midway… ’ She was silent for a moment, but there was a grim sense 
of foreboding that made my heart beat faster until she spoke again. ‘Someone is headed 
your way. Arthur, he’s… he’s strong.’
My heartbeat quickened and my palms grew slick with sweat as Sylvie’s emotions 
leaked into mine, but I had no time to rest. With their conjurers and archers nearby 
sustaining serious injuries, the enemy augmenters and soldiers were quick to 
approach us.
“We got some headed our way. Don’t get cold feet on me now,” Vanesy quipped. Her 
lighthearted tone didn’t suit the screaming and clashing of weapons resounding in the 
background.
“Cold feet? I’ve been taking the brunt of attacks from their conjurers and archers, 
trying to establish a pattern in their attacks,” I answered, just as an Alacryan soldier 
reached us. I drew Dawn’s Ballad, parried a wild thrust, and drove its sharp blade 
through the breastplate of an enemy soldier in one swift motion.
“Is that how you were able to set off those explosions just now?” Vanesy asked as she 
dodged a crushing blow from a large warhammer, wielded by a brutish fighter who 
stood at least a foot taller than her. It was compelling watching my former professor 
fight up close without holding back. Her fighting style, combined with her unique 
utilization of both earth and fire to conjure glass, produced an array of glimmering 
attacks. By creating a layer of sharpened glass around her swords to extend her reach, 
she was able to cleave through enemies several yards away.
“No, that was something else.” I shifted slightly, letting a spear point move past me as 
the charging soldier behind it impaled himself on my sword. “Vanesy, we should end 
this battle soon, or at least take it away from here.”
“You say that as if we were”—Vanesy ducked, narrowly avoiding the head of an axe—
“purposely prolonging the battle.”
I swung Dawn’s Ballad, sending a sharp crescent of wind at her attacker. With a sharp 
hiss, blood splurted out from the barrel-chested Alacryan’s unprotected neck. He was 
only able to gurgle wetly before collapsing to the ground, his eyes wide and frantic as 
his hands pressed down on his fatal injury.
We appeared to have a moment’s reprieve from the fighting, so I turned to Vanesy and 
put one hand on her shoulder. My tone grew stern as I replied. “I’ll admit my priorities 
may have been a bit different until now, but we’re out of time. Take the battle 
elsewhere—anywhere away from here.”
Her forehead creased. “What’s going on?”
“There’s someone coming, someone as strong as—if not stronger than—me. Get 
everyone away from here so they don’t get caught in our crossfire.”
The furrows on Vanesy’s brow deepened. “Our? You can’t mean—”
I nodded gravely. “This is why I’m here—in case something like this happened. Get 
everyone away from here.”
“I know you’re strong—I can’t fathom how strong you actually are—but damn it, that 
doesn’t mean you can’t use anyone’s help!”
I remained silent, knowing with absolute certainty that Vanesy would die if she stayed 
to help me in the coming battle, but unwilling to say it out loud.
“Shit,” she said under her breath, surveying the battlefield. She looked back at me 
resolutely a moment later. “Fine, but you better come back alive, or I’ll pull you out of 
hell myself just to send you back.”
“I promise.”
Vanesy took a step back and saluted me as Torch swooped down from the sky. The 
captain jumped onto the flare hawk and bellowed, “Dicathens! Retreat!”
Just like that, the tide of battle shifted. Vanesy flew overhead, rallying her men who 
might not have heard, but already our soldiers had begun edging back, defending 
themselves from our enemies as best they could.
I couldn’t just watch as our soldiers withdrew, however. I threw myself back into the 
fray, holding back as many of the pursing forces as one man could. There were far too 
many, however, for me to stop them all.
It’s okay, I told myself. The Alacryan soldiers weren’t the real problem. Vanesy’s and 
Captain Auddyr’s divisions were going to have to manage.
As the battle moved away from me, I put away Dawn’s Ballad and made my way toward 
the edge of the clearing. Jumping up onto a tree, I conjured a cushion of wind 
underneath my feet and made my way southward, hopping from one branch to 
another.
Just beyond the clearing, the orderly trees, evenly spaced and maintained by 
woodcutters from the nearby town, became wilder and denser. There were large trees 
strewn below, fallen in storms. The harsh winter had stripped away much of their bark 
but, judging by the thin layer of frost on the untouched ground, the Alacryan Army 
hadn’t passed by here when they’d made their way up.
The only sound around me was the rustling of leaves and the occasional snapping of 
branches from the wildlife.
Sylvie. Are you there? How close are you?
My repeated attempts at establishing contact with my bond were met with only 
silence. She was either too far away, which shouldn’t be the case, or intentionally 
ignoring me.
‘Aren’t you a cute boy. Could it be that you’re lost?’
I flinched at the unfamiliar voice that rang in my head, nearly falling off the branch I 
was perched on. Scanning quickly to the left and right, I tried to locate the source of 
the sound.
I wanted to move, but my body was frozen with a tangible fear. A deep sense of dread 
crept up like a rising tide, slowly but surely, as I surveyed the area.
Even with augmented vision and hearing, I couldn’t find her. Yet I knew she was 
there—her high, grating voice still scratched the insides of my ears.
‘Are you, perhaps, looking for little ol’ me?’ Her shrill voice screeched inside my head 
like a coarse blade being dragged against ice. I took a deep breath, trying to stay calm. 
My mind knew she was intentionally intimidating me, but my body couldn’t help but 
fall victim to her tactic.
Her voice seemed to come from all around me and, at the same time, within me. My 
limbs stiffened and my heart beat hard enough to break out of my ribcage.
Struggling to maintain control, I bit down on my lower lip. As the pain and metallic 
taste of blood washed over my tongue, freeing me from the hold of her killing intent, I 
immediately activated Realmheart.
The dull browns and whites of the end-of-winter scenery washed into shades of gray, 
the only speckles of color radiating from the mana around me.
Unable to see any sources of mana fluctuation, I began to doubt what I’d heard—no, I 
wanted to doubt what I’d heard. But then a flicker of light whizzed past the corner of 
my eye like a green shadow. It was almost impossible to follow the shadow’s 
movement, but if I kept my eyes unfocused I could catch glimpses of it.
The green shadow stopped. It looked like she was inside the trunk of a tree about 
thirty feet away.
‘Sharp eyes, little boy. Sharp eyes.’ She moved once more, inhabiting one tree after 
another, using branches as if they were tunnels and leaving behind traces of sickly 
green mana. My eyes darted, trying to follow her movement. Her cackling laughter 
echoed in the thick forest.
“Your eyes look like they’re spinning, dear,” she teased, her shrill voice just as 
earsplitting out loud as it was in my head.
“Am I here?” she asked, sounding farther away this time.
“How about here?” Her grating voice sounded to my left.
She let out a childish giggle. “Maybe I’m here!” Her voice seemed to grow more distant. 
Was she trying to avoid me?
“I could be over there…” she taunted once more, her voice coming from several yards 
away to my right.
“Or I could be right here!” Suddenly, an arm shot out from inside the tree I was perched 
on.
I had no time to react as her hand gripped my neck, spreading a searing pain across 
my throat. I was lifted into the air, held by my neck, as the source of the shrill voice 
came out of the tree.
I gripped her bone-pale arm, splotched with discolored marks, and tried to break free 
from her hold. She was wearing a sparkling black dress that accentuated her tall and 
sickly-thin frame. I could practically see her ribs through the thin piece of fabric, which 
would’ve looked elegant had it been worn by any other woman.
I struggled to lift my gaze high enough to see her face, but what stared back at me was 
a ceramic mask masterfully drawn with a doll-like face. Long, scraggly black hair was 
pulled into two ponytails behind her head, each with a bow tied at the end.
“My, what a handsome young boy you are,” she whispered from behind her mask, the 
drawn eyes looking straight at me.
Like a bolt of electricity, a shiver shot down my spine at her words, making me struggle 
harder. My neck felt like it was being branded, the burning pain almost unbearable. 
Fighting to hold on to the last of my consciousness, I willed mana into my palms.
With Realmheart still active, I could physically see the specks of blue mana gathering 
around my hands, turning into a shimmering white as I formed a spell. Tightening my 
grip around her wrist, I released my spell: Absolute Zero.
She immediately let go of my neck and pulled her arm away from my grasp. Upon 
release, I fell from the tree, crashing through a hollow log on the ground.
“The little puppy has a bit of a bite,” she reprimanded me from atop the tree.
I hurriedly got back up onto my feet, ignoring the burning pain still radiating through 
my neck, but the woman was already in front of me, looking down at me through the 
small eyeholes of her mask. Her right arm was discolored and swollen from where I 
had briefly touched her with the spell.
She shook her head. “No matter. I’ll just have to be a bit more strict in your training.”
I involuntarily took a step back. She had no intention of killing me; she just wanted me 
as some sort of pet.
“What’s your name, my dear?” she whispered, looking away as she buried her right 
arm inside the tree behind her.
“My mother told me not to talk to strangers, especially ones as… strange as yourself,” 
I answered, wincing from the pain as I gingerly touched the wound on my neck. 
Usually, thanks to assimilating with Sylvia’s will, I’d have already felt my body healing, 
but the injury she had inflicted was different.
“Not to worry. We’ll get acquainted soon enough,” she replied, pulling her arm back 
out of the tree, the marks from my spell seemingly vanished. But the tree she’d put her 
arm into now had a gaping hole in it, as if someone had branded it with acid.
She took long strides, her scar-marked legs sinking into the ground as if she were 
wading through water. “Unfortunately, we don’t have much time—I have tasks to 
finish. Any chance that you’d willingly be this beautiful lady’s slave?”
I drew Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring. “Sorry, I’ll have to refuse.”
“They always do.” The bony woman sighed dramatically as she shook her head. “That’s 
all right; breaking the will of a disobedient slave is half the fun.”
As she said the final words, mana the color of rotted seaweed began gathering beneath 
my feet. Immediately, I jumped back, just in time to avoid a cluster of murky hands 
that shot out from the ground. The humanoid arms of mana clawed the air before 
corroding and shriveling back into nothing.
The woman tilted her head but I couldn’t see her expression through her disturbing 
mask. Through Realmheart, I could sense that these spells, much like Tessia’s, had a 
similar attribute to wood, but every spell this creature conjured left a mark of 
corrosion.
I slid my fingers down my burning neck, wondering what I’d see in my reflection. More 
of the murky green mana gathered around my mysterious enemy, but before she had 
the chance to finish her spell, I sent a stone spike shooting up from the ground beside 
her. The earthen spear dissolved the moment it made contact with her.
“You’re just prolonging the inevitable, my dear,” she cooed in that high, grating voice 
that made me want to claw my ears off.
She raised both arms, conjuring more pools of mana on the ground and the trees 
around me, only visible to me because of my unique vision.
My first thought was that I should conserve mana during this battle. Then I realized, 
for the first time in a long while, that I had no reason to hold back. Most likely, she was 
either a retainer or a Scythe, one of the key enemies against whom I had spent years 
training to fight in the land of asuras.
Breaking open the metaphoric wall I had built to control my mana, I felt it pour out of 
my core in a rush. The once-dim runes that ran down my arms and back glowed 
brightly, clearly visible even through the thick mantle I wore over my undershirt.
Particles of mana in blue, red, green, and yellow flowed from my body while the mana 
in my vicinity swirled and gathered, drawn to me like moths to a flame.
“Looks like I found someone special,” the woman effused as she crossed her raised 
arms, invoking her spell. Dozens of vine-like appendages erupted from the ground and 
shot out from the trunks and branches of nearby trees.
My expression remained calm, her imposing intent no longer affecting me, as the 
disfigured mana-hands reached for me with their spindly fingers. A small crater 
formed in the ground below my feet as I dashed toward the slender witch-woman, 
ignoring her spell.
I ducked and swayed, dodging the vine-like hands that followed my movement, never 
breaking my stride as I reached the witch, yet the woman didn’t even flinch, confident 
in the aura that had dissolved my earlier spell.
“Absolute Zero,” I whispered, coalescing the spell completely around my body.
The spell’s effect was instant. The murky green hands froze whenever they came 
within a foot or so of my body, transforming the area around me into a nightmarish 
landscape of horrific statues.
My first instinct was to swing Dawn’s Ballad, but I was afraid that my sword would be 
destroyed like the stone spear, so I took one last step, coming to stand just in front of 
her, and willed the aura of ice to form into a claw-like gauntlet around my left hand, as 
the augmenter had done back at the start of my earlier battle. As my spell collided 
with her aura, a cloud of steam rose up with a hiss, blocking my vision.
It only took one breath for me to realize that the steam was toxic. My reaction was 
immediate, and I fell to my knees in a fit of coughing as both my innards and skin began 
burning. The toxic gas surrounding me had already melted a lot of my clothes, 
exposing my arms, and it was the fading of now exposed the golden runes that 
snapped me out of my daze.
The runes—imparted to me by Sylvia, the very symbol of how this had all started—
pulled me out of the cold grip of darkness.
I promptly created a small vacuum to suck the toxins out of my searing lungs. It helped, 
but with no air to breathe and the oxygen from my lungs sucked out, I was left with 
just a matter of seconds before I blacked out.
As toxic as it was, the fog at least concealed me from the witch’s eyes. She was probably 
assuming I had fainted by now—or worse—so I used that opportunity. Locating her 
mana signature, I fought to stay conscious and waited for the right moment.
The seconds seemed like hours, reminding me of the time I’d spent with my 
consciousness in the aether orb, before she finally drew close enough. While she 
shouldn’t be able to sense the mana fluctuation around me from the effects of Mirage 
Walk, I could only pray that she wouldn’t be able to see the dim glow of my sword.
With the last bit of my energy, I triggered Static Void, stopping time around me as I 
exploded to my feet and struck her with Dawn’s Ballad. My sword crackled as it tore 
through space, imbued with a gleaming white lightning that seemed almost holy as I 
released time just before my blade made contact with her face.
The force of my swing dispersed the cloud of acid covering us both, but even without 
looking I knew I’d somehow missed my target. I shuddered as my gaze fell to the blade 
in my hand—or rather, what was left of it. The tip of Dawn’s Ballad, forged by an asura, 
had been corroded flat, and an inch of the teal blade was gone. Then, spotting the faint 
trace of blood on my blade, I shifted my gaze to the witch.
I could only see the point of her sharp chin. Her head was thrown back, a thin trail of 
blood rolling down the side of her neck. The entire forest seemed to hold a fearful 
breath, broken only by the sound of her mask shattering on the forest floor below.
“Where’s my mask?”
The witch had realized her face was now bare, and her hands fumbled over it, though 
she kept it turned away from my line of sight.
“My mask. I need my mask,” she kept repeating. She tore at her unruly black mane, 
clawing at her ponytails and using her undone hair as a curtain to cover her face. She 
kneeled on the ground, muttering as she gathered the small shards of her shattered 
mask.
I breathed raggedly and slowly inched away, fearful of what she might do next. I had 
used Static Void with Realmheart activated and in return, the tip of my sword was now 
gone.
The thatch of unruly black hair that fell over her face rustled as she began fitting the 
broken pieces together in a desperate attempt to make them whole. Then she clutched 
the pile she had so desperately gathered, clawing the ground along with it.
“My mask!” she screeched, gripping at the shards until her hands bled.
Watching the particles of mana congregating to form a murky green aura around her, 
I had no time to think.
The faint purple particles of aether started vibrating as I activated Static Void once 
more. Ignoring my body’s protests, I rushed forward to strike the witch before the 
corroding aura completely enveloped her again.
With time stopped, I could close the gap without fear that she would be able to react 
to me, but on this attempt, I wouldn’t be able to utilize the mana in the atmosphere as 
I had done before—only the meager reserves in my core.
Jagged vines of white crackled around the teal blade of my sword as I advanced on the 
witch. My spell was considerably weaker now, however, and a sense of doubt began 
creeping up inside me.
I released Static Void just as the flattened tip of my sword buried itself in the opening 
in the green aura, just above her left knee. The familiar sensation of metal piercing 
through flesh was accompanied by the crackle of electricity spreading through the 
witch’s body. Yet the blood that leaked from her wound wasn’t the same red that came 
from her hands and neck but rather a muddy green.
The site where the wound should have been hissed as the murky green blood began 
congealing around Dawn’s Ballad.
As the witch raised her gaze from the ground, her thick wiry hair parted, revealing 
what she had been so desperately trying to hide.
I tugged at Dawn’s Ballad, wanting nothing more than to retreat. It wasn’t just her 
gnarled skin, which looked more aged than the bark of the centuries-old trees 
surrounding us, or the two narrow slits between her sunken cheeks. It wasn’t even her 
thin leathery lips, darker than her hair, or her jagged yellow-stained teeth.
It was her blood-curdling stare, radiating from a ghoulish pair of misshapen eyes, that 
filled me with a sense of dread. Unlike any monster or beast I’d faced since coming to 
this world, the dark hollow eyes, which seemed like they had been gouged out and 
shoved back deep inside her skull, made me wonder if this was the sort of demon that 
spawned from the depths of hell.
“Now that you’ve seen me in this state, I’m afraid I can’t keep you as a pet,” she 
muttered, nearly whispering as she gripped my sword with one of her bloody hands.
I winced involuntarily as she spoke. My mind spun as I tried feebly to pull Dawn’s 
Ballad out of her grasp, trying to figure out what to do in this situation.
I tore my gaze away from her terrifying stare, and watched in despair as her aura 
enveloped almost her whole body.
Unable to muster up the strength to trigger Static Void again, I looked down at my legs. 
I could still hear Lady Myre’s voice warning me not to use Burst Step. Glancing up, I 
saw the murky green cloud spread slowly, until only faint gaps the width of a feather 
were left.
I made my decision.
Letting go of my precious sword, I drew a shuttering breath, bracing myself for the 
pain soon to come. Like the pistons of an engine from my old world, mana burst into 
specific muscles in rapid procession, the timing precise down to the span of a 
millisecond, and I flashed from my original position almost instantly.
I gritted my teeth against the mind-numbing pain—it felt like the bones in my lower 
body were slowly smoldering in a fire—and stabbed my hand through the faint chasm 
in her aura. Even with Absolute Zero coalesced around my hand, the deteriorating 
effects of her defenses seeped into my flesh when I made contact with her skin.
The witch growled in pain as she tried to pull herself away, but my grip around her 
right arm stayed strong.
The skin of my bare hand soon became red and painful as more and more layers of 
flesh began to corrode. However, the effects of my spell were beginning to show, so I 
knew it was working. Her right arm, which had been gripping my sword impaled in 
her left thigh, turned a dark sickly color. Unlike naturally-occurring frostbite, which 
would begin in the fingers, her arm had begun to freeze from where I was gripping 
her. The layers of skin and tissues had frozen, and she could no longer move her arm.
Before the effects of Absolute Zero could spread to her body, the witch slashed down 
at her frozen arm with her other hand, tearing the limb completely from the shoulder.
A sharp, burning pain spread through my hand, a reminder of the injury I had 
sustained in exchange for her severed arm. The limb shattered like glass when I 
dropped it on the ground.
I wasn’t sure whether or not it was a good thing, but the wound on my hand looked 
worse than it felt. Almost as if my left hand had been dipped in a vat of acid, yellow 
pus formed on the raw flesh of my hand, and a surge of pain went through me with 
even the slightest twitch.
Ripping a piece of cloth from the end of my mantle, I gently wrapped it around my 
injured hand, keeping my jaw clenched against the pain throughout the entire process.
“How dare you!” the witch snarled. With a deranged fire in her hollow green eyes, she 
tore off chunks of her thick black hair to reveal a small stump just above her forehead.
“I am a Vritra! I’ll make sure you feel the consequences of making a lady go through 
such… disgrace!” she screamed while she ripped off more of her mangled hair. “I’ll 
melt your limbs off and keep you as a trophy! I’ll cut off your tongue and feed you 
through a tube so you can only dream about dying!”
“Oh? You’ll have to be at least a Scythe to even think about doing that,” I huffed, hoping 
she’d take the bait.
“A Scythe? A Scythe?” she howled, hobbling toward a nearby tree, Dawn’s Ballad still 
impaled in her left knee. “I’ll wipe that condescending woman off the face of Alacrya 
and take her place! Just because she’s a little attractive and her grunts fawn over her, 
she thinks she’s better than me? I’ll show her how degrading it is to be her retainer!”
Remembering how the witch had healed her hand earlier by submerging it inside a 
tree, I ignored the shrieks of protest from my legs and rushed to her.
She swung her remaining arm, releasing another gust of the smoke that had nearly 
melted my lungs.
I activated Burst Step once more, dodging the poisonous smoke and closing the gap 
between us in a blink. Tendrils of black lightning coiled around my right arm. Rather 
than attempting to break through her corroding aura and risk mutilating my other 
hand, I gripped the handle of my sword, which was still embedded in her thigh. The 
sword acted as a conductor, and the branches of electricity coiled down it and into the 
witch’s body.
Her limbs immediately stiffened and jerked in a fit of convulsions from the current of 
lightning passing through her body. I could see her trying to fight back, but I became 
hopeful as her hollow eyes went dim.
Despite the spasms jolting her thin frame, there was still strength in her when her 
glossy eyes slowly came back into focus. The witch’s gnarled face cracked like dry soil 
as splotches of charred skin spread over her body.
Please, just die, I pleaded in my head. My decreasing mana reserves were making me 
fear for the possibility of backlash.
Suddenly, I was wrenched back from the witch. As if I had been prodded by an iron 
brand, a searing pain radiated from my shoulder and I was sent tumbling back on the 
ground. Without looking back, I coated my hand in an icy aura and reached over my 
shoulder to pry off the fingers of mana she had conjured.
The witch was once again desperately trying to reach a nearby tree, just a few feet 
away, so I conjured an earthen wall.
Despite the thick wall surrounding her, she pressed on, staggering but unfaltering. 
Despite her apparent weakness, the green aura that surrounded her still managed to 
easily dissolve the wall. I knew I had no choice but to rely on Burst Step once more to 
keep her from healing her wounds.
Then a wonderfully familiar voice rang in my head.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie cried, just as I saw her shadow ripple across the forest floor.
Perfect timing, I replied, my voice sounding strained even in my head. Gathering up as 
much mana as my body would allow without succumbing to the harsh effects of 
backlash, I conjured a torrent of wind underneath the witch’s feet.
“Catch!” I roared, and sent my opponent spiraling up into the air toward my bond.
Sylvie immediately dived to grasp the witch in her long claws. In her weakened state, 
the witch’s aura had little effect on the dragon’s tough hide. Sylvie’s armored scales 
protected her long enough for her to soar up into the sky.
The two of them were lost in the clouds, but still Sylvie carried the Vritra higher.
‘She’s lost consciousness,’ Sylvie stated, the mental transmission sounding distant and 
muffled.
Drop her here, I transmitted from my spot on the ground.
‘I’ll do a little more than drop,’ she sent with a growl.
After meditating a bit longer for one last spell, I struggled up to my feet, my trembling 
legs barely keeping me standing.
Raising my good arm, I converged mana to form the head of a spear. The runes on my 
arms flickered and dimmed but remained, helping me utilize as much of the mana in 
the atmosphere as possible. I could feel the temperature drop as the spear of ice 
expanded to the size of a tree.
I steadily condensed the ice until the crude pike that I’d conjured took shape: a mighty 
lance large enough to be wielded by a titan. The lance continually changed, further 
refining itself as I condensed and molded it with the surrounding mana.
Feeling my legs beginning to give out, I quickly raised the ground around me to 
support them, planting me to the ground in an earthen splint.
I compressed and sharpened the spell so that the spear of ice, once the size of a tree, 
was now just a few feet taller than me. Suspended in the air, it glimmered like the sky 
during the Aurora Constellate.
The taste of metal filled my mouth as blood trickled down my chin, my body warning 
me of the wretched state I was in.
Moments later, I caught sight of the witch. The once-mighty Vritra, who had seemed 
almost untouchable, was hurtling down like a meteor fragment. Sylvie must’ve thrown 
her, judging by the speed at which she was plummeting toward me; it took only the 
span of a few heartbeats for her to be close enough that I could calculate where she’d 
land.
The Vritra’s mangled body plummeted right into the tip of my spear, impacting with 
the force of a catapult stone. It took all my remaining energy to hold the form of the 
spear together as it buried itself into the witch’s body. The earthen brace collapsed 
and I slumped to the ground at the same instant that the witch struck the earth.
Shattered rocks and splinters of wood bombarded me as a thunderous explosion 
resounded throughout the forest, shaking every tree in the vicinity.
I fell in and out of consciousness as I tumbled across the ground, blown away by the 
ferocity of her impact, my body barreling through old logs and branches and whatever 
else was on the forest floor, until the trunk of a large tree finally stopped me.
‘Hang on, Papa!’ Sylvie cried.
I thought… it was beneath you… to call me… Papa, I managed, my consciousness 
faltering.
She remained silent, but I could feel the rampant emotions leaking out of her—
desperation, guilt, anger, sorrow.
My perception of time was unreliable, and I couldn’t tell how long it had taken Sylvie 
to arrive, but suddenly I realized she was by my side, her large black snout hovering 
over me.
Her translucent yellow eyes were lined with tears as she slowly opened her jaw. She 
let out a soft breath, but rather than air, a shimmering mist of purple enveloped me.
The cacophony of pains all over my body soon dulled as the soothing mist seeped into 
me.
“Vivum,” I muttered weakly.
‘Don’t talk,’ she scolded as she continued healing me.
Just like your grandmother. I managed a weak smile. For such a scary-looking dragon, 
your powers turned out be rather… docile.
A faint sense of amusement sparked in her at my comment. ‘If you have the energy for 
such lame humor, I’m sure you’ll be fine.’
Of course; who do you think I am?
‘A rash and idiotic child with no sense of self-preservation,’ she grunted as she closed 
her jaw. ‘I warned you of the enemy coming your way, yet you still decided it was 
necessary to fight her on your own!’
A fit of strained coughs racked my body as I reached out to stroke my bond’s snout.
I’m sorry. At least it’s over—it is over, right?
“See for yourself,” Sylvie said aloud, the gentle, mellow timbre of her voice soothing 
after the witch’s shrieks.
Using my elbow, I propped myself up on the base of the tree I had collided with, and 
my bond moved to the side.
Less than fifty feet away was a crater the size of a home, a thin layer of dust still 
apparent. In the center of the large depression was the spear of ice buried halfway 
into the ground. The witch’s lifeless body lay dangling in the air, the spear impaled 
straight through her chest.
Steam still hissed from the witch’s corpse as her corrosive skin tried to eat away at the 
ice, but to no avail.
She was dead.
CAPTAIN JARNAS AUDDYR
“Ulric,” I whispered, signaling him to move out left as I crouched down low behind a 
fallen log. The massive augmenter silently gathered his small team of five mages, and 
they began making their way through the dense trees.
“Brier.” I tilted my head in the direction of the small path to our right, signaling for him 
and his troops to come with me. Brier nodded in reply as he unsheathed both of his 
serrated daggers. The well-built augmenter quickly navigated through the dense 
forest, his stride long and confident. I followed at the rear of the quiet procession, my 
fingers anxiously positioned on the grip of my artifact, ready to strike.
I’d come to be thankful for the frigid gale that constantly howled through the trees, 
tearing through the branches and stripping their foliage. It served to cover the sound 
of our footsteps as we made our way deeper into the forest.
Clearings were frequent but I navigated my troops away from them, lest we be 
exposed to this great danger Captain Glory had warned me about. I suppressed the 
urge to scoff at her ridiculousness—believing the words of a teen who had somehow 
snaked his way into being a Lance! He’d probably made up the story about this 
powerful foe so he could escape by himself to avoid battle.
I’ll apprehend him on sight if I catch him running away, I thought. Perhaps my role in 
driving off the Alacryan forces and capturing the rogue Lance will earn me a welldeserved promotion.
I’d grudgingly followed Captain Glory when she abruptly started ordering her troops 
to retreat. It had been a mistake to so blindly trust her judgment.
After Captain Glory had informed me of what that Lance had instructed her to do, I 
immediately turned my troops back. She had some nerve to throw away the battle and 
risk bringing the entire fight to the cooks and medics back at the encampment—but I 
was not her subordinate.
The battle had become chaotic after the troops started retreating, leaving only my men 
to fight. However, taking advantage of the fact that the Alacryans tried to go after the 
retreating troops, it was easy for my soldiers to subdue many of the preoccupied 
enemy forces.
Better yet, Captain Glory had received her consequences for such poor judgment in 
battle; she’d sustained a sizeable injury to her side that left me in charge of both allied 
forces. I used my expertise as a commander to quickly mesh together the disjointed 
troops, and we resumed the fight—until an explosion sounded just a bit south of the 
battleground.
Unexpectedly, the enemy leaders began ordering their men to fall back, giving us a 
remarkable victory. The sound of my cheering troops filled me with a sense of 
satisfaction and reminded me of what it meant to be a figure of power.
Resuming my duties as the acting general in charge of both divisions, I ordered every 
able-bodied soldier to retrieve an ally’s body and head back to camp. I also ordered 
the capture of any Alacryan soldiers found alive, so they could be interrogated later.
I had wanted to go straight to the Council and debrief them on what had happened 
here, but Captain Glory stopped me. She suspected that the explosion had something 
to do with the boy Lance and the foe he was supposedly fighting, and wanted me to 
take some troops to see what happened.
If not for the possibility of apprehending the boy and bringing him in for punishment 
for running away in the midst of battle, and the chance to take his place as a Lance, I 
would’ve refused.
Perhaps the deities were finally rewarding me for my service to King Glayder and, now, 
the entirety of Dicathen. I would achieve the pinnacle of power in this continent.
The further south we trekked, the more careful we had to be with our footsteps. As 
the sun set, mist began pooling between the thick trunks of the trees, obscuring the 
ground even directly below us. Of more concern than the possibility of an imagined 
foe, I wanted to catch the boy off guard—accidentally snapping a twig might make him 
run and complicate the task.
My sources up in the Council’s castle told me Arthur had not accepted the artifact 
granted to each of the Lances to enhance their powers; nevertheless, it would be a 
mistake for me to be careless. However much of a coward he might be, the boy was 
still a Lance, after all.
Brier, my right-hand man, stopped and wordlessly motioned for me to come. Walking 
past the soldiers in his unit, I arrived at what seemed to have once been a tree.
Looking at the dark sludge pooled in the center of the tree trunk, I reached out to touch 
it, but Brier swatted my hand away. My eyes narrowed as I shot my subordinate a 
glance, but Brier merely shook his head, unstrapped a spare knife from his thigh, and 
dipped it into the puddle.
With a faint hiss, the blade of the knife completely dissolved in a matter of mere 
seconds. Shifting my gaze to the rest of the tree, which seemed to have toppled over 
fairly recently, I pointed to it, wordlessly asking Brier if he thought this acid was what 
caused it.
Brier nodded in reply, and we continued our trek until one of his men—a woman, 
actually—pointed out a few more trees with the same corrosion in the middle of their 
trunks. Some trees were still standing, the acid making only a small hole, while others 
were melted down to the roots.
A sharp snap from above caused us all to immediately whirl toward the sound. The 
woman swiftly nocked an arrow on her bow and fired.
The arrow struck the source of the sound… a branch. Letting out the breath I hadn’t 
meant to hold, I studied the branch that had fallen, realizing that parts of it had been 
corroded by the same acid on the trees. I shot a menacing glare at the archer, who 
immediately dipped her head apologetically. Incompetent.
I signaled for everyone to continue, but stayed close to the rear of the team in case 
anything were to happen.
Though the winds continued to buffet the trees around us, the forest was eerily quiet. 
There was no scuttering of nearby animals, and I had yet to hear the call of a single 
bird—it was almost as if the inhabitants of the forest had all run for their lives.
Suddenly a pained scream pierced the silence. We stopped again as everyone looked 
toward me for guidance.
From the deep timbre of the scream, it sounded like Ulric—but was it really worth 
giving our position away if he had already been caught? Whether it was the Lance or 
the supposed enemy he was facing, the element of surprise was one of our only 
advantages.
Brier, who had been close friends with Ulric since long before he’d joined my division 
as a head, stared at me with knitted brows. His eyes seemed to be asking me to let him 
go, but I motioned for him to wait. I separated our team of five into two groups, with 
Brier in the team of three, and the archer staying by my side, then we fanned out and 
slowly made our way toward the sound of Ulric’s scream.
The density of the trees dwindled as we approached a large clearing, with more and 
more signs of the acid evident around us. The ground beneath us abruptly dipped, 
almost causing us to tumble downhill into a mysterious fog that grew thicker as we 
got closer to the glade. With the archer covering me, and Brier and his group a few 
paces ahead to my left, I unclipped the handle of my artifact, Stormcrow, and imbued 
mana to transform it into a mighty halberd.
With the ghastly green mist blocking our view and the ground uneven below, I 
suppressed the temptation to turn back, keeping my thoughts fixed on my goal of 
becoming a Lance. I raised my arm, then, holding up three fingers, I silently counted 
down.
Three.
Two.
One.
With a roar, Brier slashed out with his serrated daggers, unleashing a torrent of sharp 
gales to dissipate the potentially dangerous mist.
What in the…
My will to fight all but vanished as the green fog cleared. Stormcrow nearly slipped 
out of my loosened fingers as we all stood and stared, jaws slack, at the scene just a 
few yards ahead.
We had unknowingly stumbled on the edge of a massive crater. In the center stood an 
enormous and awe-inspiring spear that made my priceless artifact, handed down 
through my family for generations, look like a used toothpick. Impaled on it was what 
seemed to be a lanky imp-like fiend.
The ground sizzled underneath the suspended monster, the same murky acid dripping 
from its grotesque body. A faint hiss sounded from the green fog continuously spewing 
from the gaping wound, but it was undoubtedly dead.
Perhaps the only thing more striking than that scene was the sight of the obsidian 
dragon so casually sleeping next to the boy slumped against a tree on the other side 
of the crater—a boy who could be none other than Arthur. If it hadn’t been for the fact 
that I had seen the dragon when Arthur was first knighted as a Lance, the fear 
currently gripping at my chest might have just squeezed the life out of my heart.
For a second, I thought the boy and his bond had both died during the fight, but the 
steady rise and fall of the dragon’s body said otherwise. I pried my gaze from the black 
dragon to see Ulric on the ground on the other side of the crater. His troops—minus 
one—were huddled around him, nursing the stumps where his left arm and leg used 
to be.
Perhaps the boy died in battle, I thought, hopeful. I assessed the situation as best I could 
from this distance. It was hard to see the state of the boy from here, but by the ragged 
breathing of the imposing beast beside him, it was safe to say they both had incurred 
some kind of damage.
I loosened my grip on Stormcrow. “Retrieve the general’s body.”
Brier signaled for one of his men to go forward—then Ulric, who’d now spotted us, 
flailed his remaining arm.
“Don’t!” Ulric and his troops screamed—but Brier’s subordinate had already leaped 
into the crater to make his way to the other side where Arthur was.
As Brier’s man dashed past the lanky fiend, a murky tentacle erupted from its body 
and clamped onto his ankle. The soldier howled in pain, but rather than pulling at him, 
the tentacle severed his mana-protected foot, sending him tumbling down toward the 
center of the crater. The soldier’s arm landed in the puddle of green sludge—almost 
immediately, the acid worked its way through his armor and flesh until not even bone 
was left.
The soldier, still shrieking in agony, pulled away from caustic substance, but the 
tentacle wrapped itself around his legs and dragged the rest of his body into the 
puddle.
We stood there, horrified and silent, the only sounds coming from the acid working 
through the soldier’s body and the archer retching behind me.
“Don’t go near the monster!” Ulric huffed, his voice labored from pain. “The general 
said it won’t attack if you keep your distance.”
“What is going on?!” I roared, losing my composure. “Give me a report!”
“We don’t exactly know, Captain,” one of Ulric’s troops sputtered. “We sensed mana 
fluctuations nearby so we scouted around the area; then Head Ulric and Esvin slipped 
and fell down into the crater. Head Ulric was able to make it out, but Esvin…”
“Is that monster still alive?” I asked, taking a step back in case another tentacle 
sprouted out of its body.
“No, it’s not.”
I whipped my head around toward the source of the hoarse voice. The boy was now 
awake. “You!” I raised Stormcrow, pointing it at Arthur. “Did you have anything to do 
with this?”
The Lance’s hard eyes, his irises nearly glowing with an azure radiance, focused on me 
from beneath his auburn bangs.
“With the death of that retainer? Yes.” His gaze remained harsh, his voice even. “With 
your soldiers’ deaths? No. That would be because that thing’s automatic defense spells 
are still active even after she’s died.”
I could feel my cheeks burning in embarrassment—the boy was talking to me as if I 
was a fool. “Why didn’t you help them, then—or warn us?”
“I’m sorry; did you want me to put up a caution sign?” the boy mocked. “Quite frankly, 
I’m having a hard time staying conscious, let alone warning mages who obviously 
didn’t want to be found.”
“General Leywin, you were under suspicion for fleeing in battle, but now that this new 
information has come to light, we’ll ask that you come with us so we can take you to 
the Council for further questioning,” I announced, afraid to take even a single step, 
despite Ulric’s reassurance.
But the boy remained seated against the tree. “I’ll go to the castle on my own accord. 
Right now, I have other matters to attend to,” he replied.
“I’m afraid that’s not possible, General,” I said through gritted teeth. “Information on 
the enemy leaders is crucial. The Council needs to be informed at once.”
Gathering my wits, I started to make my way toward the boy—steering clear of the 
tentacles’ reach—when the obsidian dragon’s eyes shot open, freezing every one of us 
in our tracks.
Its shimmering topaz gaze bored directly into me, making my body shrivel reflexively. 
The dragon’s eyes contained a ferocity and wisdom that made every mana beast I had 
bested seem like a plush doll.
“Take another step if you wish to lose your head,” the dragon rumbled, baring its fangs.
“I-It speaks!” Brier cried out, stepping back in fear.
Gripping Stormcrow’s handle tighter to suppress my instinctive desire to retreat, I 
replied, “My apologies, mighty dragon. We have no intention of hurting your master. 
We simply wish to bring him safely to the Council and see to it that his wounds are 
treated.”
The dragon huffed out air from its snout, almost as if it scoffed at my words. “My 
promise still stands, Captain. Take another step—”
“Enough,” Arthur cut in as he leaned against the dragon to get to his feet. He came 
toward me with slow steps, but clearly had no intention of stopping.
He was tall for one his age, standing just a few inches over me, but it felt as though he 
were somehow towering over me. Unconsciously, I stepped out of his path as he 
walked past me without a single word, and made his way down to the center of the 
crater where the tentacle had killed one of my soldiers.
I cursed in my head—not at him, but at myself for being so ignorant. Only now did I 
begin to realize the gap between me and this boy.
I stood silently as he trudged carefully down the sloping ground. He came in range of 
the corroding vine, which seemed to be made of some mysterious mana, but the 
tentacle simply froze and shattered on contact.
The boy approached that puddle, capable of melting even armor and bone, and 
casually placed a foot over it. The acid froze into a solid state, and the boy stepped on 
it and reached up toward the monster. He pulled out a worn teal sword and said, 
“Sylvie, let’s go.”
The obsidian dragon beat its wings, creating a surge of wind below it. The dragon 
hovered over its master and lowered its tail for him to grab onto.
Mounted atop the mighty beast, the boy sheathed his sword and peered down at me, 
his look harsh and disapproving. “Get Captain Glory or someone else capable to take 
the retainer’s corpse to the Council.”
There was a sharp sting to his words that I would have punished anyone else for, but 
I held my tongue. The fear still lingering in me, and the overwhelmingly imposing 
pressure that he radiated as he gave his instructions, made me lose all the remaining 
confidence I had.
He truly was a Lance.
I sheathed my weapon and dropped to one knee. “Yes, General.”
GREY
Nico, Cecilia, and I remained silent as we sat around the shoddy patio table, staring at 
the words printed on the fabric-like sheet of paper in our hands.
“We… we got in,” I finally muttered, not taking my eyes off of my acceptance letter. “I 
can’t believe we got in.”
“Speak for yourself. The only one Cecilia and I were worried about was you, Grey,” Nico 
teased, but even he couldn’t hide his excitement at the news.
“I can’t believe it either,” Cecilia whispered, her voice trembling.
“Whoa! Are you crying, Cecilia?”
“No. I just have something in my eye—that’s all.”
I finally pried my eyes from the acceptance letter in my hand to see Cecilia hurriedly 
wiping her eyes with the ends of her sleeves, her usually creamy cheeks flushed bright 
red.
“Congratulations, you three,” Headmaster Wilbeck’s clear voice sounded from the 
entrance to the backyard.
“Headmaster!” Nico exclaimed, proudly holding his letter up like a trophy for her to 
see.
“I’ll need to find some spare frames to display those letters,” she said with a smile as 
she walked toward us, then gave each one of us a hug.
Looking at the gentle smile on her face, a pang of guilt struck my chest. She was the 
woman who had raised me like a son ever since I could remember, yet I was selfishly 
going away to a distant city. “Headmaster… are you sure it’s okay for us to go? I can 
stay and help out at the orphanage. It’s no big deal. I’m no good at studying like Nico 
and Cecilia anyway; besides, it’s expensive and you’re getting old so—ouch!” I yelped, 
rubbing my stinging forehead.
“I’ll take you to the academy if I have to drag you in your underwear myself,” she 
scolded, her finger curled up, ready to flick me again. “All these years of raising a 
troublemaker like you has finally paid off and you want to—what? Stay here? Not on 
my watch.”
“Nico is the troublemaker. I just get dragged along!” I protested, raising my hands to 
protect my forehead from the assault.
“Then I guess Mr. Sever deserves one of these as well,” the headmaster declared,
flicking my best friend’s forehead with the speed and accuracy of a trained soldier.
“Ow! Grey! What gives?” Nico cried, vigorously rubbing his forehead.
I heard a soft giggle beside me. Nico and I both snapped our heads around to see 
Cecilia smiling for the first time.
The two of us stared, wide-eyed and jaws agape. Even the headmaster was surprised.
“Did she finally break?” Nico whispered, leaning close to my ears.
I stabbed my friend in his side with my elbow, my eyes glued to the strange sight of 
Cecilia laughing. My chest tightened and I felt my face getting hot, but only when 
Cecilia noticed that we were all staring did I realize I was blushing, just like she was.
I quickly turned around and stood up to avoid her gaze, stretching for no reason other 
than to draw attention away from my face.
Headmaster Wilbeck must have seen through me, because she gave me that devious 
grin that made her look ten years younger.
“I’d better head back inside, kids. School doesn’t start for a few weeks, but make a list 
of things you’ll need so you don’t forget anything when one of the volunteers takes you 
all to town.” The headmaster made her way back to the sliding door she’d come from, 
turning around once more before stepping inside. “And congratulations again, you 
three.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘We’re drawing near the border.’
Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, pulling me out of my slumber. The white clouds, still 
blurry to my tired eyes, slowly came back into focus as I blinked. I peered down below, 
seeing that we’d just passed the Sehz Canal, which flowed through Carn and Maybur 
City and into the western coast.
How are you feeling? I asked, stretching my sore neck and back with my legs dangling 
off the side at the base of my bond’s neck.
‘I should ask you the same. I admit using my powers drained me more than I had expected 
but you definitely overexerted yourself,’ Sylvie chided, extending her large wings to slow 
our descent.
My groan was swept away by the rushing wind. I know. It seems I have a ways to go if I 
want to actually go head-to-head with a Scythe.
‘We’re both young; time is a luxury that we are fortunate to have. We just need to remain 
careful and not do anything rash… like trying to go up against a retainer alone.’
I promise not to let that happen again. Besides, you saved the day there at the end, I said 
comfortingly, patting her scaled neck.
My bond didn’t reply, responding instead with a wave of frustration and helplessness. 
I didn’t say anything, but I didn’t have to. She knew how I felt.
We landed on the unsettled land just above the border to the Kingdom of Darv. The 
once-damp soil of the forest had turned dry and hard, with cracks lining every inch. 
The trade route that the dwarves and humans used to exchange their goods was near 
the eastern corner of Darv, by the Grand Mountains, so there were no visible roads 
this far out toward the coast.
“It’s still cold,” I grumbled as my cloak billowed in the wind.
‘You should grow scales like me,’ Sylvie joked as she lowered her body to let me down.
“I’m just glad I’m still able to muster up enough mana to keep from freezing.” I raised 
my leg and brought it around my bond’s neck, but as soon as my legs touched the 
ground, a sharp pain coursed through my entire lower body and sent me crumbling 
into the dirt.
‘The injuries in your legs aren’t getting better.’ Sylvie’s voice was wrapped in concern 
and guilt, as if she were the one responsible for my pain. ‘Maybe it’d be best if you keep 
riding me.’
“No,” I gasped, willing more mana into my legs as a temporary solution. “If my 
suspicions are correct, we’re going to need to lay low, and we’ve already taken a risk 
of being exposed by riding this far down.”
‘Very well.’ Sylvie’s large body began glowing as she shifted back into her fox-like form. 
Rather than riding on top of me like usual, she trotted beside me.
“Looks like Lady Myre’s prediction was right,” I said, taking careful steps. “Even after 
being healed with the vivum aether art, my lower body feels like it did when I was a 
newborn.”
‘Grandmother’s control and knowledge of aether in the vivum path is much greater than 
mine. Maybe if she was here… ’ Another wave of guilt washed over me from my bond 
as her pointed ears drooped.
Stop sulking, I chided, picking up the pace as we ventured into the dwarven territory. 
Your grandmother’s warning was rather vague, but I think, with some rest, that my 
assimilated body will begin to heal itself. I should be fine.
I chose my words with care, trying to hide my lack of confidence, but it was obvious 
that my emotions had leaked into her. The explosion of mana inside each of my 
muscles was so intense, I should have been thankful I was even able to walk, but I 
couldn’t help but be frustrated at how weak I was. Using Burst Step, three times no 
less, had left me with shattered bones and shredded muscles, which would have been 
almost irreparable if not for Sylvie. I winced at the mere thought of my mother’s 
expression if she were to see the state I was in… would she—or any emitter—have 
been able to heal me?
Swallowing down the dispiriting thoughts, I surveyed the area. Ahead of me was a vast 
expanse of varying shades of brown and yellow. The scant plant life scattered around 
consisted of either broken branches and shrubs, carried by the wind from the forest, 
or weeds sprouting from the cracks on the ground. I made note of the large boulders 
spread about, in case we needed to hide or take cover from the harsh winds, but there 
were no signs of activity.
The jagged plains dipped and rose to form ravines. From the books I’d read and what 
Elijah had told me, many of the gullies and ravines strewn across the Kingdom of Darv 
hid entrances to the underground cities where the dwarves actually lived.
I took a deep breath. “Let’s get started.”
Reaching into the depths of my mana core, where Sylvia’s beast will resided, I activated 
Realmheart once more.
The familiar sensation washed over me, and my body immediately protested. I lurched 
over to the side and retched out whatever partially-digested food I had in my stomach. 
When that was all gone, I spewed a dark bile.
My chest heaved and the world spun around me, but fortunately, I was still able to 
maintain Realmheart—which was crucial for this task.
‘Maybe we should come back next time. With my lineage, I’m almost positive I’ll inherit 
Realmheart once my powers fully develop. We can come back then and both of us can 
search—’
I shook my head. It doesn’t work that way. By then, the mana fluctuations from the 
soldiers and the retainer will have equilibrated. The search has to be done now.
‘Equilibrated?’
The mana in the atmosphere will return to its original state, I explained, turning my 
attention back to the particles of mana in the vicinity for any signs of abnormalities.
When I had first experienced this perspective while in Realmheart, the particles had 
appeared chaotic—like specks of dust pushed and pulled by even the slightest 
breeze—but that wasn’t the case. During the short time I had spent with Lady Myre, 
she’d explained to me how mana and aether behaved in their natural state.
Each element of atmospheric mana followed its own pattern. Earth-attribute mana 
remained near the ground, faintly shifting like fine sand rolling down a hill. Waterand wind-attribute mana moved similarly, flowing in lazy streams, but water particles 
were much more scarce. Fire-attribute mana was scattered throughout, throbbing and 
pulsing, almost as if it was giving life to the planet.
Aether, however, behaved as if each particle had its own consciousness. Some moved 
alongside the particles of earth, while others congregated around the wind- and 
water-attribute mana, herding them as if they were sheep. What Lady Myre had said 
about aether being the glass that held the liquid—this force seemed to interact with 
mana in a special way.
Because of the sheer number of Alacryan soldiers that had somehow snuck into the 
Kingdom of Sapin, I had hoped there would be some lingering trails of mana 
fluctuation, but the task of actually singling out minute discrepancies in the endless 
sky of particles proved even harder than I had thought.
To make this task even more difficult, I had to limit my use of mana to nothing more 
than strengthening my body. The very act of absorbing mana from the atmosphere 
would create fluctuations that would interfere; I wouldn’t be able to tell my mana use 
from the Alacryan’s.
Taking long strides, Sylvie and I skirted one of the rock formations along the border 
between Sapin and Darv. Luckily, the soldiers hadn’t been able to hide their trail in the 
forest. Sylvie was able to find where they had moved, but in this rocky desert, where 
the wind constantly wiped all sign of activity, I was left with the cumbersome task of 
locating traces of mana fluctuations.
After an hour had passed, Sylvie finally lost her patience.
‘Shouldn’t we be making our way toward the coast for signs of Alacryan ships? I don’t 
understand why we’re wasting time here. If anything, you should be getting rest, not 
wandering through this miserable desert.’
I thought you were able to read my mind, I quipped, turning my head away from a 
strong blast of sandy wind.
‘That’s not how it works. It’s mostly emotions that come through, and very basic thoughts. 
Right now I feel a strong sense of suspicion coming from you, but other than that—’
I found something. I nearly said it aloud as I came to an abrupt halt. I had been looking 
at the sky this whole time, but I hadn’t noticed anything odd until I spotted a dark spot 
on the ground. A thin layer of dry sand covered it, but there was an undeniable small 
puddle of moist earth.
Dropping to my knees, I rubbed the wet dirt between my fingers just to make sure. I 
looked up at the sky once more and finally spotted what was missing. There was an 
absence of water-attribute mana in the vicinity of the moist soil.
‘What’s going on?’ Sylvie chimed, staring at the dirt in my hand.
Looks like someone got thirsty, I replied.
Surveying the area, I found more patches where the atmosphere was devoid of waterattribute mana. Following this faint trail, we headed southeast, away from the coast, 
until we arrived at the edge of a narrow ravine.
Come on. Let’s go down.
We carefully climbed down the steep slope, the whistling wind masking all other 
sounds. At the bottom of the ravine, the faint trail of missing water-attribute mana 
disappeared—but it didn’t matter.
“Damn it,” I muttered softly, peering down the cliff. “I was actually hoping I’d be wrong.”
‘Your suspicion… don’t tell me… ’ A wave of realization emanated from my bond as she 
felt the rumble of the hollow ground beneath us.
Yup. I’m still only eighty percent sure, but I strongly suspect that the Alacryan army we 
fought got into Dicathen with the dwarves’ help.
There were radical implications if the dwarves were really allied with the Alacryans, 
but regardless of my hunch, I needed to make sure I wasn’t being overly suspicious.
It took me another hour or so to locate one of the hidden entrances to the dwarves’ 
underground kingdom—and even that was only possible with the help of Realmheart. 
I carefully ran my fingers along the faint crease, camouflaged to look like an ordinary 
crack in the steep cliff.
‘Your breathing is strained,’ Sylvie noted from inside my cloak.
It’s fine. I just used Realmheart for too long, that’s all, I replied as I stared down at my 
arms. Without the golden runes etched into my skin, and now that my vision had 
returned to normal, I realized how pale my body had become. It wasn’t the creamy 
sort of pale that girls wished for, but the sickly kind of pale that made you worry for 
your wellbeing.
‘I feel like I shouldn’t need to remind you, but you do know that there is a concept called 
“moderation,” which works wonders on both mind and body, don’t you?’
Ignoring my bond’s nagging, I pushed at the concealed entrance once more. Despite 
the mana I added to strengthen my body, the earthen door still refused to move.
There should be some sort of way to open it. I’m definitely missing something. I 
continued sliding my hands, which were surrounded in earth-attribute mana, across 
the length of the hidden door.
‘Maybe you need to be a dwarf to be allowed to enter,’ Sylvie mused.
No. I highly doubt that there’s a specific mana signature that only dwarves can have, 
besides perhaps the occasional deviants, and if entry were based on the manipulation of 
deviant mana, more than eighty percent of their population wouldn’t be able to get in 
through their own doors. No, there has to be a different—I think I got it!
I quickly kneeled, sending Sylvie tumbling out of my cloak at the sudden movement.
You may not need to be a dwarf, but a dwarf definitely built this, so I should act as if I 
were one. I ran my hands over the rocky wall once more, pushing aside the shrub that 
covered much of the bottom half of the hidden door.
‘Ah, the height!’ she exclaimed, her excited voice ringing in my head as she climbed 
atop my shoulder.
After several minutes of searching for the handle—or button, lever; anything—to 
open the lock mechanism, I finally found it. About two and a half feet from the ground, 
near the ridge of the door, my left hand sank into the cliff. At first, it felt like I had 
accidentally touched some sort of sap or glue-like substance, but when I increased the 
output of mana into my hand, the viscosity of the wall changed.
As I played around with the unique mechanism of this door, I realized that it wasn’t 
about how much earth-attribute mana you put into your hand, but the precise pattern 
of mana levels you invoked as you inserted your hand deeper into the hidden lock. I 
needed to find the right combination of mana output levels to successfully unlock this 
entrance.
Every time I guessed the output level wrong and attempted to push my hand deeper 
into the lock-hole, the earth surrounding my hand turned more viscous, pushing my 
hand out of the lock.
“Damn it,” I cursed under my breath after the twentieth failed attempt. Half-tempted 
to blow open the door, I took a deep breath and released Realmheart once more.
Immediately, a searing pain flooded out of my core and into my body and limbs. I 
buckled and fell to my knees with a series of intense coughs. I didn’t just vomit food 
and bile this time, but blood as well.
A wave of distress and concern washed out of Sylvie.
I swear, if you say anything about moderation again…
‘Let’s just get this mission over with. Then you can get some rest,’ she replied.
With a feeble nod, I tried to put weight on my legs and prop myself back up, only to 
end up flat on my back. With the little mana I had spent on maintaining Realmheart, I 
rescinded the mana I’d coalesced into my legs to save for unlocking the entrance.
I could feel my bond’s emotions once again as she peered down at me. Staying silent, 
Sylvie helped me into a sitting position, using her head to push me back up.
Taking breaths felt like I was swallowing needles, but I was thankful that I could even 
activate Realmheart again. Wasting no time, I focused on the area where the keyhole 
was, my hand barely reaching it with Sylvie’s help. Using the last bit of mana that I’d 
saved, I willed earth-attribute mana into my hand.
Immediately, I could see the fluctuations of mana particles gathering around the 
concealed keyhole. When I willed the correct amount of mana into my hand, the 
particles lit up and dispersed. I was able to put my hand further into the hole without 
fear that I’d have to start over.
I bet you dragons never thought of using Realmheart for things like this, I said, grimacing 
as my hand submerged into the wall, now up to my forearm.
‘Things like unlocking a door? No, that’d be beneath us,’ she grunted.
Situations call for adaptation, my furry little dragon, I retorted, tugging on the handle 
buried deep within the lock mechanism of the concealed door. With a satisfying click, 
the earthen wall rumbled before sliding open.
Sylvie was still propping my broken body up; I turned and shot her a proud wink.
‘I get embarrassed at the thought of ever referring you as “papa.”’ Even in her furry little 
fox form, there was a palpable sense of mockery as she rolled her eyes.
Hey, you were the one who hatched for me. Withdrawing Realmheart, I wiped at the 
trail of blood that ran from the corner of my mouth and down my chin, then 
reallocated my miniscule mana into my legs once more.
Working with a single-digit percentage of my mana barely allowed me the luxury of 
using my mangled legs—even standing was an arduous task.
Using the wall as a support, I got up and spared no time heading down the narrow 
corridor. The passageway was about five feet wide and the ceiling scraped the top of 
my head even when I hunched; it was more like a crude tunnel than an actual hallway. 
Fortunately, there were candles casting a dim light inside little cubbyholes dug into 
either side of the walls. Without the need to use mana for anything other than 
strengthening my legs, I was able to take advantage of this brief down-time to use 
Mana Rotation to replenish my empty core.
I could feel the heat from the candles, but after venturing through the harsh, sandy 
winds, I wholeheartedly welcomed it. I stuck to the left side of the hallway, partly to 
be somewhat hidden and also because I desperately needed the support. I leaned 
against the jagged wall as I walked down the small slope. Meanwhile, Sylvie trotted 
carefully a few steps ahead, checking and testing anything remotely suspicious to be 
sure there were no hidden traps.
‘Is this really a good idea? You’re in no state for battle if we happen to encounter an 
enemy. I’m limited to what I can do in this form and even if we do see that the dwarves 
are allied with the Alacryans, what can we do?’ My bond bombarded me with questions 
as we slowly made our way down the hallway.
It’s not a good idea, but we need to do this, I replied seriously. You’re right; I can’t fight, 
and there aren’t many places to hide if we do run into someone, but we can’t waste time 
recovering. If I’m right, even if I can’t gather proof, I know at least Virion and Aldir will 
listen to me.
‘Fine, but our arrangement still stands. The moment we run into trouble, I’m breaking 
these walls and we’re getting out of here.’
Sure, I agreed. We proceeded down the dimly lit hallway until something
luminescent—something that wasn’t a candle—appeared in the distance. Exchanging 
glances, my bond and I made our way toward the light.
The tunnel curved slightly as we got closer to the still light, and my ears were able to 
pick up distant echoes of sounds. The sounds grew louder as we continued down the 
tunnel, but there were too many things going on at once for me to pick apart specific 
sounds. There were conversations and echoes, and multiple sharp footfalls, as well as 
the clanging of metal. Finally, after a few more minutes of steady staggering, the exit 
of the tunnel lay just ahead.
With my back against the wall, I sidestepped toward the exit, careful not to 
accidentally kick any pebbles or create any other noise that might alarm any guards 
who might be around the corner. Sensing no signs of activity just outside the tunnel, 
Sylvie and I shuffled quickly to the edge of the exit, where a curtain of shadow hid us 
from any prying eyes.
We gazed blankly at the magnitude of what we had stumbled onto. The hallway 
opened up into an enormous cavern with a domed ceiling so flawless that, for a 
second, I doubted that we were still underground. Rather than candles, massive 
torches lined the walls, revealing just how large the cavern actually was and who was 
within.
I let loose a string of curses in my head as I peered down. In the center of the cavern 
floor—roughly two stories down—was a massive teleportation gate surrounded by 
dwarves, and steadily trickling out from the shimmering gate were Alacryan troops.
Before I was able to get a closer look at what was going on, the sound of footsteps 
made me turn back. The massive cavern was like a beehive, with dozens of tunnels 
uniformly dotting the wall. Staircases carved of stone lined the walls, each one leading 
to a different tunnel, and approaching the tunnel that Sylvie and I had come through 
was a platoon of Alacryan soldiers.
‘I’m getting us out of here,’ my bond stated, her body already beginning to glow.
Not yet! Focusing on an entrance to another tunnel several yards away, I managed to 
will a few rocks to dislodge. I immediately heard the flurry of movement as the platoon 
whirled around, weapons and armor clanking.
Seizing the opportunity, I picked up my bond and held her tightly against my chest. 
Flattening myself against the corner of the entrance and wall as much as possible, I 
mustered more of the mana I had gathered on our way here and willed a curtain of 
rock from the wall to surround us.
“Just a loose rock. Let’s go,” the soldier leading the platoon grunted.
Hold your breath, I ordered Sylvie as I activated Mirage Walk. Coalescing the 
atmospheric mana around us to hide our presence was a technique I hadn’t needed to 
use since coming back to Dicathen, but in this situation—where enemy mages would 
be marching just inches away from us—I didn’t want to take any chances.
Inside the coffin of earth, I was surrounded by complete darkness. I could hear the 
synchronized steps of the soldiers as they went past us, their deliberate footfalls 
echoing against the tunnel walls. They were so close I could hear the hushed 
conversation of the soldiers.
“When do you think we’ll go back home?” one voice murmured.
“Why? Miss your family already?” a husky voice mocked. “Just focus on racking some 
achievements through this war. Your blood will be thankful if you can finally afford to 
move them out of that little hut you call a home.”
“Great Vritra, shut up back there,” a gruff voice bellowed. “Shut your mouths and 
march or your whole team is going to be on night watch.”
I was fascinated by their conversation. Their way of talking was similar to ours, but 
certain terms—like ‘blood’ and ‘Great Vritra’—I had to guess at by their context. This 
got me thinking: How can two different continents that had almost no contact with each 
other have languages so eerily similar?
‘Grandfather told me it was due to the asura’s intervention,’ my bond chimed in, her 
voice tense even in my head. ‘Asuras often sent representatives to secretly help advance 
Alacrya and Dicathen when needed. He said they would take the form of a lesser being, 
albeit an exceptionally smart one, and help them progress through the centuries.’
Sort of like how you asuras granted us the artifacts way back then? I asked.
‘Yup. Except that, apparently, we had been doing it long before then. The artifacts were 
supposedly a drastic change, something the asuras chose to do to keep the lessers from 
going extinct.’
I see, I pondered. It was scary to think that perhaps the geniuses of my old world had 
actually been deities sent from above to help us survive and progress.
As the minutes slowly trickled by, the discomfort of our situation built toward agony. 
We took only shallow, inaudible breaths, and even then I could feel the oxygen in our 
conjured stone coffin diminish, as there were no cracks to provide breathable air. It 
quickly became almost unbearably stifling and hot, enhancing the suffocating feeling. 
I tried to focus solely on keeping up Mirage Walk to hide us from anyone with a keen 
sense of mana, but nearly lost my hold on the spell when a loud thump shook the 
crevice we were enclosed in.
“What are you doing?” a soldier whispered impatiently.
The earthen crevice shook once more as something hit the wall I had conjured.
‘I’m ready to fight. Just stay behind me,’ my bond informed me, her voice dropping to a 
fierce growl in my mind.
Just hold still, I snapped, trying to keep my heart from bursting out of my ribcage.
“This end of the entrance was different from the other side,” another soldier replied, 
hesitantly. “And it sounded a bit hollow when I hit it.”
There was a brief pause and I was afraid they might investigate further, but, to my 
relief, his comrade just scoffed.
“Merciful Vritra. I know you’re green but don’t hold the others back just because you 
see something weird. We’re on a different continent.”
I held in a grateful sigh as the marching steps resumed, slowly subsiding as they made 
their way up the tunnel we had come down through.
After I felt sure the soldiers had all passed by and no one else was coming, I opened a 
tiny hole to survey our surroundings. Only after another few minutes did I revoke my 
spell.
‘We got what we came here for. Now let’s go back to tell Virion so you can get some rest 
and heal your wounds,’ Sylvie pleaded.
Yeah, let’s go, I agreed. Even with Sylvie’s unique healing techniques using aether, my 
legs were on the verge of collapsing, and the only rest I had gotten was when I’d briefly 
passed out on her back on our way here.
I was already contemplating the best way to break this critical news to Virion and 
Aldir, and thinking of the precautions I would need to take just in case things went 
south and I needed to fight against the two dwarven Lances. Preparing to leave, I 
glanced back at the domed-ceilinged cavern—when suddenly the Alacryan soldiers 
there all kneeled, facing the transportation gate.
After confronting two retainers and even defeating one, I’d thought I’d be prepared to 
face a Scythe. Even with the suspicion that the dwarves were betraying Dicathen, I was 
confident we would be able to win this war. But when that dark, horned figure stepped 
out of that gate, I was shaken right down to my mana core. Being here, barely standing 
on my own two feet, I felt like a gnat staring at an oncoming hurricane. I felt despair.
The mysterious figure cast a suffocating pressure throughout the cavern as it stepped 
out of the gate. Even Sylvie, who had been so eager to leave, was frozen stiff as she 
helplessly peered down at the sight below.
This oppressive aura had come from a girl that looked no older in appearance than 
Tessia. She possessed elegant features—dark eyes and a thin frame underneath a furtrimmed robe of midnight black—yet even amongst a crowd of dwarves, she appeared 
small and petite. It was her horns, most of all, that set her apart, however.
The horns I’d seen on all of the other Vritra so far had looked menacing—as if they 
were part beast—but the two spikes protruding from above the creature’s temples 
and veering back toward the crown of her skull exuded a sense of prestige and regality, 
like a tiara placed gently on her head. Unlike the murky black horns I’d seen up until 
now, this Vritra’s obsidian horns all but glowed like precious stones, contrasting 
starkly against her pearl-colored mane, which flowed back past a set of narrow 
shoulders.
The Vritra indifferently surveyed her surroundings, and I was able to catch a quick 
glimpse of her face before I retreated back behind the entrance of the tunnel, fearful 
that the Vritra would be able to sense me even with Mirage Walk activated. There was 
something beautiful about her. Terrible, but beautiful.
After a few seconds, I mustered up the courage to look down once more.
“Lady Seris?” A confused, barrel-chested Alacryan soldier greeted her, but remained 
genuflected in front of the crowd of kneeling dwarves.
“Where is Cylrit?” the female Vritra asked coolly, facing one of the many Alacryan 
soldiers surrounding the gate and the kneeling dwarves.
The female soldier Lady Seris had acknowledged immediately rose to her feet. 
“Commander Cylrit is currently stationed near the northern coast of Sapin, awaiting 
you before he begins his attack, Lady Seris.”
“Very well. Let us depart.” Her soft voice spread like a cold breeze, sending shivers 
down my back despite the distance between us.
“Yes, Lady Seris!” The female soldier saluted, instructing her troops to follow the 
dainty Vritra.
As she walked past the soldier who had first called out her name in surprise, he spoke. 
“Forgive my rudeness, Lady Seris, but what of the new Scythe? I was instructed to take 
him to Commander Uto.”
There was a moment of silence as everyone in the vicinity anxiously shifted glances 
between Lady Seris and the large soldier. She peered down at him with a cold, 
emotionless gaze before finally speaking. “He’s not ready. Melzri and Viessa are still 
working on him.”
“I see,” the soldier replied, his shoulders visibly relaxing. “My apologies for wasting 
your time.”
By her speech, it was obvious that she herself was a Scythe, but a part of me didn’t 
want to believe it—that such a being, comparable even to an asura, was an opponent 
I would ultimately have to face. Not to mention, it appeared that number of Scythes 
we had to worry about had increased.
‘Another Scythe?’ Sylvie echoed, her voice filled with worry.
Come on, let’s get out of here. Now that a Scythe had entered the war, I had to get this 
information back up to the castle quickly.
I took one last quick glance at the Scythe named Seris—just as she looked back over 
her shoulder as well.
For a split second, her gaze passed by the tunnel where we’d been hiding and our eyes 
met.
Her gaze eventually swept past me but in that flashing moment, her cold eyes had 
locked onto me with the focus of a predator.
There was no doubt about it: She knew I was here.
My body stiffened as if every ounce of blood in it had congealed. My hands grew 
clammy and my heartbeat rose to the point where I feared the entire cavern would 
hear it thundering in my chest. Yet she turned back and continued up the stairs, 
displaying the same curt manner as before—unfazed and uncaring.
‘What’s wrong?’
I stood still, afraid to move. Only after the Scythe had left the cavern did I release my 
breath. I think she saw me.
Feeling my apprehension, Sylvie knew I wasn’t joking, which made her all the more 
restless. ‘Now can we leave? Or do you want to wait until the rest of the Alacryan army 
knows we’re here?’
Yeah. Let’s go, I thought wryly.
Exiting the tunnel, we were greeted by the ever-present desert wind. Sylvie and I had 
agreed to hold off on flying until we’d reached the forest on the border of Sapin and 
Darv. However, after a mile of careful trekking, I had succumbed to a fit of shivers. 
Constantly using Mirage Walk, in case nearby Alacryan soldiers sensed my mana 
fluctuations, had drained my meager reserves. Using the rest of the mana to 
strengthen my legs left me with only my cloak to protect me from the sharp, sandembedded winds.
It’s been a while since I’ve been this cold. I clenched my jaw to keep my teeth from 
chattering. Leaning my back against a boulder for temporary shelter from the wind, I 
wrapped my cloak tightly around me.
‘Just a little more. We’re almost there. Should I use aether once more?’ my bond asked 
as she gazed up at me in my pitiful state.
No. I can barely keep Mana Rotation active in this state. Using aether might set off the 
soldiers, or worse, the Scythe.
‘Okay.’ She pressed against my leg to do what she could to keep me just a little warmer, 
and we stayed still for a brief moment until the wind died down just a bit.
After painstakingly walking back toward the forest, zigzagging from one boulder to 
another in case of any Alacryan soldiers hidden from the faint light of the crescent 
moon, I almost broke into tears at the shadowed figures of trees in the distance.
When we entered the forest the wind died down significantly, and in just a few 
minutes—despite it being the same temperature—my body slowly began to thaw.
‘Let’s rest here for a bit,’ Sylvie said, pointing with her snout at a nearby hollow log.
We should… get back to the castle, I replied, my eyelids growing heavier with each word.
My bond nudged me toward the log. ‘We need to put some more distance between us 
and the soldiers ahead anyway. Just a one-hour nap. At this rate, you’ll freeze without 
mana to protect you while flying.’
There was a comforting power to her words that seemed to drain the rest of what little 
energy I had left. Suddenly overcome by a wave of fatigue, I stumbled into the hollow 
log. My consciousness slowly faded into darkness, and the last thing I witnessed was 
Sylvie dropping a mouthful of leaves on top of me for warmth.
Despite my feeble state, deep sleep eluded me. I was still tense about being out in 
harm’s way with so little strength to protect myself and the recent turn of events, and 
my mind worked overtime to stay at least half-conscious.
After about an hour of resting, Sylvie and I climbed out from the comfort of our blanket 
of leaves and departed. I no longer needed to use mana to strengthen my legs while 
riding Sylvie, so I was able to protect myself from the prevailing winds.
Aside from the howling gales, the journey back to the castle was silent. Conversation 
was almost nonexistent between us, as we had both become lost in our own thoughts.
Now that we knew the dwarves were aiding the Alacryan forces, this war had gotten 
exponentially more complicated. It wasn’t as simple as us versus them now. There was 
still the possibility that only a single faction of the dwarves were aiding our enemy, 
but if Rahdeas—Elijah’s foster guardian, and now leader of the dwarves—had 
something to do with this, then that meant we were potentially down two Lances.
Assuming the worst, the only positive in all this was that Rahdeas was still acting as if 
he were on our side. This meant that he either had more to gain from being a double 
agent, or that he wasn’t confident enough to openly defy the rest of the Council.
‘We’re here,’ Sylvie announced.
Looking up, I could see the castle, floating amidst the layers of clouds. Dotted around 
the large structure on all sides were soldiers mounted on flying mana beasts. The sun 
shone directly above, casting shadows on the sea of clouds below the castle and flying 
guards. It was an awe-inspiring sight—for anyone who had never visited, it would 
surely have made their jaws drop—but for me, all I could think about was getting 
inside and hibernating on the first comfortable surface I came across.
Most people entered through teleportation gates, so when we approached, the guards 
immediately gathered between us and the castle. Weapons glowed brightly, held at the 
ready, as the bonds the soldiers were riding also prepared for battle. However, once 
we got close enough for the soldiers to make out who we were, they formed two lines, 
creating an aerial path for Sylvie and me to follow into the entrance.
“General Leywin!” The guards saluted in unison from atop their flying beasts. We made 
our way up the pathway, and the double doors—which towered over even Sylvie—
slowly creaked open just ahead.
It was obvious that Captain Auddyr had already arrived, since there was a team of 
medics and emitters waiting for me in the landing chamber, having been instructed to 
remain there until I returned. Some of them were casually playing cards, but as soon 
as the large double doors opened, they all dropped what they were doing and 
immediately prepared to treat me.
The area quickly burst into a flurry of activity with indecipherable noises bombarding 
my ears from every corner of the large room. By the time Sylvie landed, the medics 
had already brought over a contraption similar to a gurney.
“I’m okay,” I croaked, my voice barely audible. “Let me talk to Virion first.”
“Strap him in and don’t let him walk,” Sylvie rumbled, startling everyone in the room—
including me. My bond had always refrained from talking to anyone but me, and even 
then she preferred to communicate telepathically.
Taken aback by her sudden commands, I complied with Sylvie’s wishes and allowed 
myself to be carried on the gurney, while both medics and emitters began examining 
me. My bond transformed into her fox-like form, and trotted along beside me as they 
moved me from the landing chamber to a proper medical facility.
It didn’t take long for the medics to determine where my injuries were; in fact, I heard 
one of the medics suggest that it would probably be easier to list the parts of my body 
that weren’t damaged.
That was always reassuring.
Coming from a place and time that was more technologically advanced, I had always 
looked down on the medical field in this world—but it turned out I had 
underestimated it. What this world couldn’t achieve through technology, they made 
up for with magic. Teams of deviant mages, all specialists in the medical field, were 
waiting for me as I was pushed into a large square room with vaulted ceilings.
As time trickled by, I could feel my injuries and deprivations catching up to me. The 
adrenaline that had been keeping me able was dwindling, and it felt like my limbs had 
turned into lead weights. I struggled to stay awake as the medics and emitters 
carefully probed my body.
After another round of preliminary examinations, an elderly mage entered the room. 
The thick, square-jawed mage introduced himself as Mendul, and said he was a 
deviant capable of using mana to adjust and fine-tune his vision so that he could 
perceive the individual layers of any living thing’s body. Whether it was the skeletal, 
muscular, or even nervous system, he was able to see them all.
Mendul scanned my body, using an ink pen to draw directly on my skin in dozens of 
places as he took notes, while I focused all my efforts on staying conscious.
“Where’s Commander Virion?” I asked after Mendul had finished marking up my body 
like some sort of map.
“My apologies, General Arthur. Commander Virion is currently away from the castle,” 
said a thin, middle-aged man dressed in a pale green robe.
Judging by how he had been coordinating the actions of the medics, emitters, and 
other deviants in the room, I assumed he was the head of the medical team here. While 
I’d normally be a bit more courteous to the man in charge of healing me, a tone of 
impatience slipped out when I spoke. “He’s away? Where? When’s he going to be 
back?”
“He did not say,” the man replied apologetically. “I saw him leave with Captain Auddyr 
and Captain Glory, along with General Aya.”
I sank further down into the elevated bed they had moved me to, careful not to keep 
my eyes closed for too long lest I slip into slumber. If Virion had left with Auddyr and 
Vanesy, and had taken a Lance with him, they were most likely going back to the forest 
near the southern border of Sapin, where I had defeated the retainer.
The sense of dread I had felt while looking down upon the Vritra Scythe crept through 
me, raising gooseflesh across my exposed skin. They might run into the Alacryan 
platoon that was marching up north. Worse, that Scythe might try to find the retainer I 
killed.
‘I’m not too worried about the Scythe, since she seemed to be headed in a different 
direction, but you’re right about the platoon,’ my bond replied.
Maybe you should go and warn them.
‘And leave you here alone? After finding out that the dwarves are allied with the Vritra? 
Has your brain left you?’
I took a quick glance around the room. There were elves as well as dwarves working 
alongside the human medics, all busily preparing tools and medicines.
Damn it, I thought, knowing she was right. Fine. I guess we can only pray for their safety.
‘Virion has a Lance with him, after all. Don’t try to handle everything alone. They’ll be 
fine without you,’ she comforted me. ‘I’ll be right here, making sure these medics aren’t 
doing anything suspicious. Just rest and focus on healing.’
“What about Aldir?” I asked the head medic hopefully.
“Once again, I’m sorry.” He dipped his head. “Only Commander Virion knows the 
whereabouts of Lord Aldir. I, myself, have only seen him once—very briefly.”
I heaved a sigh of frustration as the last ounce of strength left me. “It’s fine. So what’s 
the plan here? Were you able to come up with a diagnosis for my injuries?”
The head medic turned to Mendul, who stepped forward and looked down at his notes 
before speaking. “General Arthur, your injuries are unique in how complex they are. 
To be frank, it’s only because of your assimilated body and the level of your mana core 
that you’re even able to remain conscious. Even so, I can’t help but say I’m surprised 
to see you so lively—all things considered, of course.”
I managed to shift my gaze to look down at Sylvie, who was sitting on the floor beside 
my bed. I have you to thank for that.
‘You’re welcome,’ she replied curtly. ‘Although I fear I’ll have to do this again in the 
future.’
I shot my bond a weak grin before looking back to Mendul. “So what will the treatment 
be?”
The deviant shifted uncomfortably as he stroked his short beard. “The injuries to your 
legs and lower body have healed, but not perfectly. For you to be able to walk without 
the use of mana, we’re going to have to, very precisely, break your bones and tear your 
tissues in very small increments, then guide them to heal properly.”
Prying open my tired eyes, I locked gazes with the head medic, who had been silently 
waiting for further instructions. Whether because I was so desperate to be in full 
health again or because I had undergone countless surgeries after battles during my 
time as a king in my previous world, my mind was at peace.
I gave Sylvie one last meaningful glance before closing my eyes. In these circumstances
—anyone in this room could potentially harm me—I was thankful to have her with 
me.
“Go ahead.”
“Yes, General Arthur!” The thin medic nodded vigorously. “Rest assured; upon hearing 
news of your condition from Captain Auddyr, Commander Virion spared no effort in 
gathering the most elite mages of all three races to restore you to full strength.”
“I’m in your hands.” At my whispered words, the mages and medics in the room 
immediately bowed.
“Seldia, you’re up,” Mendul barked.
A young female elf approached me, giving me a gentle smile. She extended her hand, 
pressing on my forehead with one finger. “Excuse me for the intrusion.”
As she closed her eyes, a soothing wave radiated from her fingertip into my head and 
down the rest of my body. My eyes fell shut as a gentle blanket of darkness wrapped 
around me.
GREY
“Where to next, Nico?” I asked, cheerfully swinging the plastic bags filled with school 
supplies by my side.
“We still have to pick up our uniforms, right?” Cecilia answered, cradling a textbook in 
her arms as if it were a baby.
“It hasn’t been two hours yet since we got ourselves measured. We’ll make that our 
last stop,” Nico replied. He looked down at his little notepad. “We need to buy 
backpacks and calculators.”
The three of us strolled casually down the city sidewalk. The streets were old and 
crooked, with paving stones that wobbled and shifted out of place from the weight of 
passing pedestrians. Dull buildings towered over us, blending in with the murky gray 
sky. A recent rain shower had replaced the usually grimy stench of the area with a 
fresh, earthy smell, while puddles had gathered in the dips and potholes of the 
neglected streets.
Arcastead was by no means a pleasant or appealing city. Yet, at this moment, 
everything around me was at least bearable. From the homeless people lurking behind 
the trash bins in back alleys to the scowling soldiers threatening to arrest any 
passerby who accidentally bumped into them, the usual sights—and everything about 
this place that I hated so much—somehow seemed charming.
The sun had fallen by the time we finished purchasing all the supplies we needed to 
start our new lives as students. As we headed toward the outskirts of Arcastead, both 
the patrolling soldiers and street lights became scarcer, keeping us on our toes. Nico 
and I knew the area well enough to outrun any potential thieves or kidnappers, but 
having Cecilia with us made the walk back to the orphanage all the more tense.
“Are you excited to go to school, Cecilia?” Nico asked quietly, hoping to fill in the tense 
silence.
Her brows furrowed in thought but she ultimately nodded, with a smile that had 
become more frequent as of late. “I’m nervous and scared, but yes.”
I was about to chime in when a faint rustle drew my attention. Pretending to be digging 
through the plastic bag of school supplies, I took a peek behind us and saw a shadow 
flit into an alleyway.
“—right, Grey?” Nico nudged my arm.
“Huh?” I looked up at him.
“Sheesh, don’t space out on us,” Nico admonished. “I know we’ve been through this 
area hundreds of times, but it’s still dangerous to be daydreaming like that.”
Scratching the back of my head, I smiled sheepishly. “My bad.”
“And I was just telling Cecilia that we’ll be there in case anything happens to her,” Nico 
said.
Walking on the other side of Nico, Cecilia giggled, and I heard another faint noise.
A shiver ran down my spine. I could feel my heart pound against my ribcage as if trying 
to break free. Suddenly, I was all too conscious of my breathing—the same shallow, 
ragged breathing I’d heard so many times in movies when the main character was 
scared.
I was afraid. I didn’t know of what, but my instincts were telling me to run—to get out 
of here.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw something move—fast, just a twinkle against the 
flickering street light—and once again, the world seemed to slow down around me.
I lunged sideways, knocking Nico and Cecilia into the grimy street.
“Run!” I roared as I heard the click of another projectile being loaded from the 
shadows.
Although startled and confused, Nico was able to gather his wits. Abandoning his bags, 
he pulled our disoriented friend into the nearby alleyway.
It felt as if someone else was taking control of my body as I instinctively dipped down 
and picked up Cecilia’s textbook. I raised the thick hardbound book up to my chest, 
just as the force of the projectile sent me staggering back.
I glanced down quickly and saw a syringe-like object embedded into the textbook. The 
dart contained a clear liquid that quickly oozed into the pages of the book.
It wasn’t a bullet. I knew that for sure. Then a memory of my trip to the zoo with 
Headmaster Wilbeck sprang to mind. It was one of those needles they shot at animals 
in order to make them fall asleep.
Yanking the needle out of the textbook, I followed Nico and Cecilia into the narrow 
alleyway.
A gruff voice barked out orders from behind me. “After them! I don’t care what you do 
with the boys, just keep the girl alive.”
“Keep running!” My voice echoed off the worn stone walls as I ran, ducking under the 
rusted fire escape ladders and vaulting over trash bins.
It didn’t take me long to catch up to my friends, which meant the crooks behind us 
would soon reach us.
Nico was fine, but there were trails of blood running down his legs and arms from 
scrapes and scratches he’d gotten while running. I knocked down metal trash cans and 
discarded boxes, throwing anything hard I could get my hands on at the pursuers in a 
desperate attempt to slow them down.
“They’re… going to… catch up,” Nico wheezed. He was running out of breath.
“Why are they after us?” Cecilia panted. She was exerting all her energy and focus into 
not tripping over anything.
I shook my head. Other than what the man had said, I had no idea. “Nico, do you still 
have that glove on you?”
“I should—wait, you’re not seriously—”
“Can you think of any other way?” I said, cutting him off, my voice laced with impatience.
At Nico’s signal, we veered left into a narrow alley. Our pursuers’ footfalls were 
growing louder as they gained on us.
Grudgingly, Nico dug through his jacket pockets. After finding the glove, he reached 
out to give it to me, but Cecilia snatched it out of his hand.
“Cecilia?” Nico exclaimed.
“I-I’ll do it,” Cecilia stammered, putting on the fuzzy black glove.
Dumbfounded by the girl’s sudden courage, I nearly tripped over a pile of discarded 
clothes. “It’s too dangerous. And you still can’t control your ki!”
“We heard what that man yelled earlier,” Cecilia huffed. “They aren’t allowed to kill me, 
right?”
I looked to Nico for assistance, but he couldn’t come up with an argument either.
Cursing under my breath, I tightened my grip around the syringe in my hand.
“Fine. Nico, got a plan?”
My friend’s eyes narrowed the way they always did when he was thinking. “We make 
a right over there,” he ordered softly.
I looked back over my shoulder; two pursuers dressed in black were less than twenty 
feet away from us.
We turned sharply into a wide back alley behind an old restaurant. I had expected that 
we would keep running, but Nico pulled me back by my sleeve.
“Cecilia, fall on your belly like you just tripped over something. Grey, with me,” Nico 
hissed, dragging me behind a cluster of metal trash cans.
My heart thrummed like a drum, so loud that I worried our pursuers might hear.
It only took a couple of seconds for the two men in black to skid to a stop around the 
corner.
The one on the right spoke into his wrist. “Sir, we have the girl in our sights.”
“The girl tripped and it looks like the boys have abandoned her. Permission to 
proceed?” the other man said.
Unlike the crooks who had tried to mug Nico and me a few months back, these two 
were obviously professionals. They cautiously moved toward Cecilia, but to our 
surprise, our timid and quiet friend began bawling.
“Guys! Don’t leave me,” she wailed as she began crawling away. “Please!”
The man on the right scoffed and shook his head. He walked forward and stepped on 
Cecilia’s leg.
I gnashed my teeth as Cecilia cried out in pain, but, for once, Nico looked even angrier 
than me. His eyes were fierce in a way that made even me fearful.
The man who had asked for permission to proceed remained a few feet away, while 
the other pursuer reached down and pulled Cecilia up by the back of her coat.
He raised his other wrist and spoke into the communication device. “We have her.”
Cecilia took full advantage of the opportunity. She lashed around and planted her 
gloved hand on the pursuer’s face.
A shrill scream tore from her throat. Like the other times she had gone out of control, 
a blast of ki erupted out of her. However, some of her rampant ki had flowed down her 
arm to her hand. A current of electricity flashed out of the black glove, lighting the 
dingy alleyway.
The pursuer who had grabbed hold of Cecilia wasn’t even able to scream. His body 
spasmed and a puddle formed on the ground between the man’s legs as Cecilia pried 
herself free from his grasp.
Nico squeezed my arm and we rushed into action. Nico dived for the uninjured 
pursuer’s legs while I went for his sternum.
I’d thought the flash of light would have disoriented him enough that we could end the 
fight quickly, but he had recovered in time to react to our attack.
Sidestepping out of Nico’s reach, he kicked my friend away while bringing his right 
arm swinging down at me. I backstepped away from the blow, then closed in to strike 
his exposed throat, only for him to dip his head. His left hand shot toward my neck at 
frightening speed.
I gagged as the man’s cold hand gripped my throat and lifted me off the ground.
“You have potential, kid,” he sneered, bringing me close to his face. “A waste you have 
to die here.”
At this distance—less than arm’s length—I was able to see the man’s face for the first 
time. His nose and mouth were covered by a mask, but it didn’t matter: His scarred 
left eye was brown, and the right eye green. I would have known him anywhere.
My vision was darkening and I could feel the strength leaving my body, but despite the 
situation, I didn’t panic.
Praying to any higher being that might help me, I drove the point of the syringe into 
the man’s neck.
“What—” he gasped, letting go of me as he fell to the ground.
With no time to waste, I hurriedly roused the unconscious Nico and helped Cecilia 
back to her feet.
“We did it,” Cecilia whispered as she leaned on me for support. Her legs were 
shaking—not from the cold, but in fear—and her cheeks were lined with tears.
“Good job, you two,” Nico muttered weakly, putting Cecilia’s other arm over his 
shoulder for support.
“Yeah, we did it.” I nodded. “Now, come on. We need to get out of here before any more 
of them show up.”
“You’d best kill us and run far away, brats.”
I spun around to see the guy with the brown and green eyes squirming on the ground.
“You have nowhere to go,” he mumbled, his voice slurring from the effects of the drug. 
“I made sure of that.”
“Let’s go, Grey,” Nico urged, tightening his arm around Cecilia to keep her steady.
None of us spoke as we made our way back to the orphanage. Even the streets were 
quiet, except for the sirens that screamed in the distance. It was as if we didn’t want 
to accept what had happened to us—that we had almost been killed for no reason. I 
wanted to look forward. I wanted to think, instead, about the fact that we were going 
to be attending a school in a new city soon. We would have to buy new supplies, but 
that was fine. Everything would be okay once we got to the orphanage and 
Headmaster Wilbeck got us out of Arcastead.
Cecilia was able to walk on her own after a few blocks—a vast improvement from her 
earlier ki outbursts, which used to knock her out cold for hours.
“Thanks for the help,” Cecilia muttered, breaking the silence as she shyly handed the 
black glove—or what was left of it—back to Nico. The shock glove my friend had made 
had been reduced to a clump of wool from the overload of Cecilia’s ki. “Sorry about 
your glove.”
“Don’t worry about it.” Nico stuffed the remains of the glove into his tattered jacket 
and looked at me with a grin. “At least I was able to see what it was capable of, thanks 
to you. Grey wasn’t useful at all.”
“Make fun of me all you want; I was the one that saved you guys today,” I gloated, 
sticking my tongue out at Nico.
To my surprise, Nico responded seriously. “You’re right. I wasn’t any help in that fight.”
“Hey, I was just kidding,” I said, a pang of guilt ringing in my chest.
“Nico, it was only thanks to your glove that we were able to escape them,” Cecilia 
consoled him.
“Yeah!” I quickly agreed, walking ahead of them. “And I bet you can learn to make a lot 
more, and better, tools and weapons after going to school!”
Nico’s sullen expression brightened at our words. Taking out the remains of the shock 
glove, he gripped it tightly, a newfound fervor in his eyes. “We’ll need to get new 
supplies first. Headmaster Wilbeck is going to blow a fuse!”
Cecilia’s face contorted into a fair imitation of the headmaster’s serious frown. “She 
might even make us go back tomorrow morning to find them!”
The two of them burst into a fit of laughter behind me, and I let them enjoy their 
moment. The summer nights were usually warm, but I thought the heat felt different 
tonight. The air was dry and there was a smell of smoke that was only getting 
stronger… Why?
I turned the corner onto the street our orphanage was on, and found my answer.
Behind me, Nico and Cecilia drew closer, but their footsteps seemed to echo and their 
voices were muffled, as if coming from a very long way away.
Suddenly, the words of the man with the brown and green eyes rang in my head: “You 
have nowhere to go.”
I stopped dead in my tracks, my gaze locked on the sight of the orphanage burning to 
the ground. Police cars, fire trucks, and ambulances were clustered in front of our 
home.
And then I saw her.
She was being carried on a stretcher. A paramedic had just put a tarp over her, covering 
her face, but I saw her. I saw Headmaster Wilbeck.
I ran, leaving Nico and Cecilia behind. I evaded the policemen securing the perimeter 
and pushed aside the paramedics.
People shouted around me but I couldn’t hear what they were saying. All I could hear 
was my blood pounding in my ears.
I tore off the tarp covering Headmaster Wilbeck.
Blood—too much of it.
Her eyes were closed. Why are they closed?
I shook her. She needed to wake up.
Nico, Cecilia, and I had been attacked by bad people, but we’d gotten away. Everything 
was supposed to be okay now.
I shook her too hard. Her arm fell limply off the edge of the stretcher. Her eyes were 
still closed.
Hands were grasping for me, words tumbling like fall leaves around me, but they were 
lost behind the man’s words, which burned like a hot iron rod against my skull.
“You have nowhere to go.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“Arthur!”
My eyes shot open; tears were streaming down my face.
Everything was still blurry, but I could tell I was in my room now, inside the castle. My 
breaths were still short and erratic, and my left hand gripped something soft and 
warm.
“Arthur,” the familiar, soothing voice called out to me again.
I turned my head, blinking away the tears still forming in my eyes.
Next to me, holding my hand, was Tessia. Her eyes were red and wet with tears as well.
“Tessia?” My voice came out dry and raspy. “Why are you crying?”
“Dummy.” She choked back a laugh, smiling as the tears rolled down her cheek. “I could 
ask you the same thing.”
My gaze lingered on Tess. She was smiling—laughing, even—with relief and 
embarrassment as she wiped away her tears.
This was the first time I had seen my childhood friend since the ceremony where I’d 
been given the title of a Lance, but it had been even longer since the last time we had 
spoken.
The elven princess had changed since then. There was a faint scar just along her 
hairline above her right ear; it might have gone unnoticed had she not tied up her hair. 
Battle scars were visible all over her arms, and a fresh bandage was wrapped around 
her left forearm.
“You’re hurt,” I noted, gently tracing the line of blood seeping through her bandage 
with my fingers.
Noticing my worried expression, she grabbed my scarred hand, taking it tenderly in 
both hands. “Oh, please. I have more injuries from attempting to cook than from 
actually fighting.”
I laughed, glad to have her there, speaking to me, holding on to me. Despite the calluses 
on her palms and fingers, her hand felt soft and warm compared to mine.
Shaking her head, Tessia said, “Do you have any idea how scared I was when I heard 
the news from my captain?”
“Your captain? Does that mean you got promoted to head?” I asked, staring at the 
princess’s stunned expression.
“You’re unbelievable. Your thoughts immediately go to whether I got promoted? You 
almost died, Arthur!”
“I’m just glad you’re doing well,” I replied.
Tess took a deep, resigned breath, and leaned her head on my arm. “I don’t even have 
the strength to argue with you.”
I felt her hands squeeze mine, and the gesture was so warm and comforting that I 
nearly burst into tears again. Time seemed to slow down for a brief moment, and we 
stayed there, silent and contemplative and together.
“You took such careful measures to make sure everyone would be safe that I never 
even thought about how dangerous this war would be for you.” Tess lifted her head, 
gazing up at me with her brilliant turquoise eyes. “Seeing you like this—in bed, full of 
injuries—it was a cold reminder that you’re only human and not some indestructible 
warrior mage.”
I snorted. “Is that how I look to you most of the time? Some indestructible figure?”
“With the emotional maturity of a toddler,” she finished with just a hint of a smile.
“Is that any way to talk to a general?” I scolded, trying to keep a serious face as she 
struggled to do the same.
“My apologies, General Arthur,” she replied, laughter in her voice.
A knock at the door interrupted our playful banter, but it opened before either Tessia 
or I responded. Virion stepped confidently into the room, along with his son Alduin 
Eralith. They were followed by Alduin’s wife, Merial. Alduin and Merial didn’t stay 
long—they had to depart due to problems in one of the elven cities up north—but I 
thought it very kind of them to take the time to visit me.
“What’s been happening?” I asked of Virion once they had gone.
“We’ll get to that, Arthur. First, I need to make sure that Dicathen’s newest Lance is 
being well cared for. I’m glad Tessia has come to keep you company,” the commander 
said, a twinkle in his eye.
A grunt from the open door drew all our attention to my sister, Eleanor, who had just 
arrived with Sylvie and Boo, her eight-foot-tall bear, who was grunting with pleasure 
as he casually chewed on a slab of meat.
Virion cleared his throat. “I’ll give you moment with your family. When you’re done, 
though, I think it best that we discuss what has happened.” With a wink at Tessia, and 
a respectful nod to my sister, Virion marched from the room.
‘Your sister has been patiently waiting for you to wake up,’ Sylvie informed me as 
Eleanor carried her into the room.
It hadn’t been that long since I had last seen Ellie, yet it felt like I had never before 
noticed how big she’d gotten. I couldn’t call her my baby sister anymore.
“Come here, Ellie,” I said gently.
My little sister’s lower lip trembled as tears began flooding down her face. Letting go 
of Sylvie, she bolted into my arms, nearly knocking the wind out of me.
“I was so worried!” she said angrily, her voice breaking into sobs. “What would’ve 
happened if you had died?”
“I’m okay, El,” I said soothingly, but her face remained buried in my chest. I reached up 
to stroke her brown hair, and noticed that the injuries I had gotten from the witch-like 
retainer were still there. My expression darkened at the sight of the ugly red scar that 
spread all over my left hand and up to my wrist, as if the skin had been burned off. The 
injury had diminished greatly thanks to Sylvie’s vivum abilities—the scar already 
looked like it was a few years old—but my entire hand had turned a sickly shade of 
pink.
Boo regarded me with a suspicious eye as he gnawed on his bone, but he allowed me 
to continue embracing his master.
Sylvie casually hopped onto my bed and curled up beside me. She didn’t say anything, 
but a wave of relief flooded from her.
Rubbing the tears from her eyes, Ellie’s gaze landed on my scarred hand. “How could 
you let yourself get hurt like this?”
“Scars fade,” I said with a weak smile, hoping to dismiss her concerns.
Physical appearances had never been of great importance to me, but it was still a bit 
nerve-wracking to see how bad a mark my injuries had left. I worked up my courage, 
then carefully got out of bed, first making sure my legs were able to carry me.
Standing up on my own two legs without the help of mana was a blessing I had always 
taken for granted. I took slow, steady steps toward the mirror while Tessia, Ellie, and 
Sylvie watched apprehensively. Boo looked on with disinterest.
I took a deep breath, then looked up to study my reflection. Even without taking off 
my robe, I could immediately see the toll the battle with the retainer had taken on my 
body. My gaze immediately went to my neck. The same red scars that covered my hand 
and wrist had been branded across my throat.
Untying the band across my waist, I slipped out of my robe so I was only wearing my 
undergarments.
Wow, I’m a mess.
‘You could’ve been a lot worse off,’ Sylvie chimed in, her usual curtness gone.
Scars of varying lengths were littered all over my toned body, like the chips and cracks 
on an ancient statue weathered by time and the forces of nature. More of the red scars 
were visible across my shoulder and part of my back. The scars that ran from my waist 
down to my knees were particularly gruesome—as if someone had torn apart my legs 
piece by piece and crudely stitched me back together.
“Consider it a godsend that you were able to recover even to the state you’re in now,” 
a clear voice said, rousing me from my thoughts.
Casting a sideways glance toward the door, I caught sight of the three-eyed asura, Aldir, 
stepping into my room. He was followed by Virion, who quietly took a seat on the 
leather couch.
“Master,” Tess greeted him, getting up from her seat. My childhood friend’s cheeks 
were flushed as she awkwardly positioned herself away from me.
Realizing that it was probably my lack of clothing that made her uncomfortable, I 
slipped back into my robe before greeting the asura. “Aldir.”
“Arthur Leywin.” He nodded before dipping his head at Sylvie. “Lady Sylvie.”
“What you said just now. What did you mean?” I asked, taking a seat beside Virion.
Sitting down across from us next to Tess, he pointed at a ring on a finger of his left 
hand. “Do you remember the elixir pearl Windsom gave you a few years ago? The one 
you never used?”
I looked into my dimension ring, but couldn’t find the gold-flecked pearl that I had 
saved to help me break into the white core stage. “What happened to it?”
“It’s what gave your body the strength to recover to the state you’re in now,” the asura 
said matter-of-factly. He straightened his deep lavender robe. “Even with a team of 
lessers specializing in medical mana, as well as Lady Sylvie using her aether arts—
albeit inexperienced—it still took the full effects of the powerful elixir to heal you.”
“I’m guessing you and Windsom aren’t allowed to give me another elixir, right?” I 
asked.
Aldir shook his head. “Since the war has started, we can’t risk the treaty being broken.”
“Damn,” I said, leaning my head back on the couch.
“Sorry to kick you while you’re down, but I thought you might still want this,” Virion 
chimed in, taking Dawn’s Ballad from his dimension ring. “I was able to secure your 
sword from the retainer’s corpse.”
My heart sank as he handed me the once-stunning sword. The translucent teal blade 
of Dawn’s Ballad had dulled, and its tip had been melted away by the retainer’s 
corrosive abilities, throwing off the sword’s delicate balance.
After sheathing it in its scabbard, which I had been carrying inside my ring, I idly 
stared at the palm of my right hand, where Wren had embedded a gem. It was a stone 
he had refined himself called acclorite, and it was supposed to somehow turn into a 
special weapon.
Now would be a great time for a new weapon, I thought to my hand.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie’s voice sounded. ‘I told Aldir some of what happened, but I think it’d be 
best if you went over it with him and Virion in detail.’
Right.
Slowly getting up from my seat, I walked over to my little sister, who’d been silent the 
whole time. “Ellie. Can you wait for me outside while I talk over some stuff?”
Raising a skeptical brow, she replied, “Only if you promise not to leave without at least 
saying goodbye.”
Looking into her eyes, I promised.
“Fine.” She got up from her seat and walked toward the door before looking back over 
her shoulder with a proud expression. “I want to show you what I’ve been working 
on.”
“Oh?” I raised a brow. I assumed there was a spell she had been practicing. “I can’t 
wait!”
My sister closed the door behind her and Boo, and the only ones left inside my room 
were Commander Virion, Aldir, Sylvie, and Tessia.
“Let me catch you up on what happened since the battle with the retainer,” I began.
“Wait. Let’s call an official meeting with the rest of the Council,” Virion interrupted, 
getting up.
“No. I want this to be for your ears only. What you choose to do with this information 
is up to you.”
Tess raised a timid hand. “Should I leave?”
“It’s fine.” I shook my head. “Before I start, though, I want to know one thing.”
“And what would that be?” Aldir replied, taking note that my gaze was directed at him.
“Who has control over the two dwarven Lances, Mica Earthborn and Alfred Warned—
you, or Rahdeas?”
The asura’s single purple eye, which was open, narrowed in thought as he continued 
staring at me. “I’m still in control of those two Lances. Why do you ask?”
It took longer than I expected to debrief them on the events that had transpired after 
my battle with the retainer.
As expected, Virion and Tessia were dumbfounded at the dwarves’ evident betrayal. 
Aldir’s expression remained steadfast; if he was surprised, he did a perfect job of 
concealing it.
Despite his initial surprise, however, Virion recovered quickly. “If the dwarves are in 
alliance with the Alacryan army, it’ll be much harder to prevent battles from reaching 
civilian cities. Were you able to discern whether it was just a separate faction of 
dwarves or if it was more widespread than that?”
“I can’t say with certainty until I get some answers out of Rahdeas,” I said through 
gritted teeth, regretful of the circumstances implicating Elijah’s former guardian.
“The news of a Scythe appearing is troubling,” Aldir added. “If she intends to wreak 
havoc with her retainer by her side, as well as an entire division of troops, then this 
isn’t something one or two Lances can take on, even with an army backing them.”
“Which is why I need to know where the allegiance of the dwarven Lances lie,” I 
replied. “A large-scale battle is nearing, and I don’t want any unforeseen obstacles.”
Leaving Sylvie in my room to rest, I ventured through the brightly-lit halls of the castle, 
looking down at my feet as I took careful steps. It was the first time I had noticed the 
vibrant patterns of the thick carpet in the upper residential halls. It was a funny thing 
to note; I’d always been in such a rush, chasing whatever goals I had, that I’d never 
even looked around to enjoy the subtle pleasantries around me.
It didn’t take me long to find Ellie. She was sitting by a large window, gazing outside 
at the sea of clouds and idly combing her fingers through her bond’s thick fur. Boo 
opened an eye, sensing my presence, but went back to his nap when he saw that it was 
me.
“May I join you?” I asked.
“You don’t need to ask.” She smiled weakly, taking a glance back at me before returning 
her gaze to the sky once more.
I sat down next to her on the ground, admiring the rolling clouds, and the twinkle and 
shine from the rays of sunlight above. I could see the tip of a mountain in the distance, 
but other than that, only an endless expanse of white and blue.
“Do you miss them?” Ellie spoke in a soft voice. “Mom and Dad?”
“Not as much as I should,” I admitted. “I worry for them—I know they’re safe out there, 
but so many things have been going on.”
There was a moment of silence, and my sister simply continued petting the bear.
“You know, there are a lot of people—adults and kids—who come up to me saying how 
lucky I am to have a brother like you. The ones who aren’t jealous of me are jealous of 
you—that you’re a Lance, that you’re so talented in magic and fighting, and that you 
have the recognition of all of this continent’s leaders. Some even say that you might 
become one of the next leaders when you get older,” she scoffed. “But it’s funny. I never 
told you this, but there was a time when I hated you. I felt like it was because of you 
that my life was like this now. I blamed you for Mom and Dad feeling like they needed 
to help out in the war too, and I blamed you for the fact that I couldn’t have a regular 
life in school with classrooms and a bunch of friends.”
My sister was looking away from me, her body turned toward Boo, but I could see that 
the hand running over his course fur was trembling, and her shoulders quivered.
“Ellie…”
“But the funny thing is, I don’t blame you anymore. How can I blame you when your 
life was worse than mine? Most of the memories I have of you were you coming in and 
out of the house full of injuries, with unbelievable stories of how you faced this 
monster or that monster. It was really fun and amazing to hear back then—I thought 
you were so cool and strong—but I know better now. The things you had to give up to 
get where you are today…”
My sister hurriedly wiped her face on her sleeves and turned back to me with red eyes 
and a wide, forced grin.
I reached for her, but she grabbed my hand and shook it before getting up. “Whew! 
Now that I got that off my chest, come on. I want to show you something.”
“What is all this?” I asked when we reached the outdoor terrace of the castle.
My gaze swept through the dozens of wooden planks hanging from various tree 
branches. There were some arrows protruding out of the planks, but more were on 
the ground and the tree trunks around them.
“What I’ve been working on,” my sister proclaimed proudly as her bond curled up on 
the ground beside her with an aloof yawn. Ellie seemed abnormally perky after our 
conversation by the window, as if she were trying to forget about it.
Trying not to dwell too much on my sister’s inconsistent behavior, I watched as she 
picked up a peculiar-looking short bow propped up against a pillar, then retrieved a 
stray arrow whose tip was buried in the nearby grass.
Raising the flexible bow so that the nocked arrow was at eye level, she held her stilltrembling breath and took a moment to aim before letting go of the string.
The thin arrow whistled as it sliced through the air, curving ever so slightly around a 
plank and hitting a different wooden target behind it.
I applauded her, genuinely impressed, but she held up a hand and shook her head. 
“Now, watch this.”
Raising her bow once more, she mumbled a brief chant. The tip of her guiding finger, 
on the hand holding the bow, began emitting a soft glow. When my sister slowly pulled 
the string back, the mana took form into a thin glowing arrow.
I remained silent—half from focus, half from surprise—as Ellie fired the mana arrow 
at a nearby target plank. The arrow let out a soft hum, rather than a sharp whistle, as 
it hastily approached its target—but before it reached the plank, the arrow dissipated.
My sister’s shoulders sank in disappointment. “I swear I was able to reach the target 
a couple days ago.”
“That was amazing!” I exclaimed.
“I failed, though,” she replied, disappointed.
“You’re barely twelve, Ellie! Most kids your age can hardly even conjure a ball of mana, 
let alone shoot one out that far away,” I said, my voice still laced with enthusiasm.
My sister was silent for a moment, absentmindedly staring at her bow.
“Aren’t you glad that your dear brother is impressed, after all that practicing?” a voice 
chimed in from behind us.
I looked over my shoulder to see a rather odd duo walking out into the terrace: Emily 
Watsken and Helen Shard.
“Surprised, General?” Helen said, one eyebrow raised.
While it made sense for Emily to be in and out of the castle since she was apprenticed 
under Gideon, seeing her with Helen—the leader of the Twin Horns and current head 
of a large platoon of soldiers—made for a head-tilting moment.
However, considering the peculiar bow in Ellie’s hand and her sudden skill at archery, 
I quickly put two and two together.
“I won’t deny that,” I replied with a smile.
Emily had noticed my injuries. “You look like you’ve been through a lot.”
“About as much as any other soldier out there,” I said with a shrug.
After Ellie and I properly greeted the two friends, we all sat around the patio table 
chatting. We discussed how my sister was struggling with mana manipulation, despite 
having awakened at an early age.
“You’re having a hard time?” I asked my sister. “Why didn’t you tell me? I could’ve 
helped.”
“You’re a general now, and even before then, you were always busy. I didn’t want to 
bother you with it. Besides, Mom and Dad were helping me before they had to leave.”
My sister tried to sound cheerful, but the faint sullen tone in her voice—especially 
after our conversation earlier—made my chest ache.
“I stopped by one day to check up on her after finishing a dungeon tour and she asked 
me for help,” Helen chimed in, trying to lift the mood. “I’m not a conjurer so I couldn’t 
exactly help her, so I asked the artificer, Gideon, to run some tests on her. He pawned 
off what he called ‘a chore’ on Emily here, and that’s when we found out about your 
sister’s little gift.”
“I wouldn’t call it a gift,” Eleanor said, suddenly shy.
“What gift?” I demanded, my curiosity growing.
“I think it’ll be easier for you to just show your impatient brother, Ellie,” Helen 
encouraged.
“Okay,” she agreed. Raising her hand, she concentrated on the center of her palm until 
a faint orb of mana manifested. There were no attributes, but the spherical orb of pure 
mana slowly began changing shape until it had turned into a seven-pointed star.
“You see, after I assessed Eleanor”—Emily stressed her role as she leaned forward—
“I realized she has a real knack for molding mana into detailed shapes. Normally, 
whether you can make a fire ball into a fire cube doesn’t really matter—but if you’re 
able to conjure the exact shape of an arrow along with a particular arrowhead, then 
you can potentially have an infinite arsenal of arrows that enemies won’t be able to 
predict.”
“Well, coming up with the arrow solution was my idea,” the leader of the Twin Horns 
said.
“It’s a clever technique, for sure,” I said, glad that Ellie had found a way to train herself 
and occupy her mind while mother, father, and I were all off to war.
“They’ve both been a great help! Helen has been really strict but helpful in teaching 
me archery, and Emily made me this bow to train with.”
“That’s me being easy on you,” Helen replied, looking at Ellie with a warm expression. 
She turned to me. “I’ve been in and out of the castle so she’s been learning on her own, 
but her growth is actually quite scary. It’s like these gifts run in the Leywin family.”
Clearing her throat to get our attention, the freckled artificer adjusted her glasses, 
then explained the mechanism for the bow she had customized for my sister. “The bow 
is still in the testing phase, and it requires a certain amount of finesse, but like Helen 
said, your sister catches on frighteningly fast.”
“I still have a long way to go,” Ellie demurred.
Looking carefully now, I noticed fresh blisters on her fingers and palms—proof of her 
effort.
“Thank you—both of you—for helping my sister like this.” I turned to my little sister, 
tousling her hair. “And I’m sorry I haven’t been there for you.”
“Like I said, I don’t blame you. You’re just doing what you have to.” Ellie shrugged. 
“Besides, Helen told me Mom and Dad are far away from battles, so I’m not too worried 
about them, but I’m just thankful when you come back in one piece.”
My heart lurched once more with guilt, and I understood why she said she had blamed 
me for our parents participating in the war. That was why they’d left—they didn’t 
want to just sit safely, waiting and praying that they wouldn’t hear news of my death.
“I’m sorry for always worrying you,” I said softly, unable to do anything but apologize.
Ellie’s gaze settled on the scars around my throat, but she said nothing—and in some 
ways, that pained me even more.
My little sister had indeed grown up much more quickly than I had wanted her to. Her 
childlike innocence and selfishness were gone.
“What are you doing here back at the castle so soon anyway, Helen?” my sister said, 
changing the subject.
“Ah, right! The heads and above got called into the castle for a big celebration tonight,” 
she answered. “The reason for the event was supposed to be a secret, but it’s already 
been leaked—apparently a retainer has been defeated!”
“Really?” Emily’s eyes lit up. “Do you think it was a Lance?”
“Nothing’s confirmed, but that’s probably the most likely scenario. All I know is that 
Commander Virion himself took a small crew to retrieve the body,” Helen answered.
“Things are looking up then.” My sister perked up. “I’m glad.”
Glancing from Helen to Emily, then to my sister and back, I thought at first that they 
were teasing me. But after a few minutes of listening, I realized that they were 
seriously just gossiping. Do they really not know who killed the retainer?
But after giving it more thought, I wasn’t too surprised. I had arrived in the castle 
several days after the retainer’s body had been retrieved. There’d been a team of 
medics waiting for my arrival, but I doubted whether anyone had been told how I’d 
been injured.
“Wait, so this celebration is happening tonight?” I asked, steering the conversation 
back to its original path.
“Yes. Isn’t that why you’re back at the castle, too?” Helen replied with a raised brow.
My sister answered in my stead. “My brother came back because he got hurt.”
“What? How? Where? Are you okay?” Emily bombarded me with questions.
“I was just careless. It’s no big deal.” I was tempted to tell them the truth—especially 
my sister—but I assumed Virion had a reason for keeping it secret.
“It was a big deal!” My sister pinched my side. “You were out for more than a day, and 
you still have those scars.”
Wincing as she twisted my skin even further, I apologized to my sister once more, 
assuring her that I wouldn’t make the same ‘mistake’ again. The conversation shifted 
to other topics, but for the rest of our little gathering that afternoon, Helen regarded 
me with doubtful eyes.
Coming back into my room, I was greeted by my bond. ‘How was spending time with 
your sister?’
“Ellie’s all grown up now,” I said, letting a hint of bitterness seep into my words.
‘You make that sound like a bad thing,’ Sylvie replied.
“I just wish she didn’t have to be. Wisdom and maturity stemming from enduring hard 
circumstances is a painful thing to see, as a big brother. But I was able to at least catch 
up with her and learn a bit more about what’s happening in her life. Did you know 
she’s learning archery from Helen? She and Emily even came up with a new practice 
for Ellie, a combination of conjuring and archery!”
Sylvie let out tiny puffs of air from her nostrils, and it took me a moment to realize she 
was laughing. ‘I haven’t seen you this excited in a while.’
“That’s not true,” I rebutted.
‘Oh?’ Sylvie raised her head, looking up at me from the bed. ‘Tell that to your grinning 
lips.’
“Shush,” I said, dismissing her. Despite my sister’s heavy words, it had been enjoyable 
to spent time with her. “How are you feeling?”
‘Sluggish, heavy, sleepy, and weak,’ Sylvie sent, curling back up into a ball. ‘It’s like being 
a hatchling all over again.’
“Well, there’s supposedly a big event happening later tonight. Do you feel up for it?” I 
asked.
‘I’ll pass,’ she replied, her voice listless. ‘Save me some food though.’
Taking a seat on the couch, I closed my own heavy eyes. “I’ll have the maids bring some 
up.”
‘Make sure it’s meat.’
“Go to sleep.”
With Sylvie’s soft hum making the otherwise cold and silent room a bit more homey, I 
took some time to sort out my thoughts. Reaching into my dimension ring, I pulled out 
Dawn’s Ballad and placed it gently on the tea table in front of me.
An involuntary groan escaped me as I looked at the poor state of my weapon. This 
sword had been by my side for nearly five years. I hadn’t needed to polish, sharpen or 
even clean the blade, and it had been able to withstand just about anything. Dawn’s 
Ballad was truly a valuable asset.
Studying the sword, I decided that—even damaged—it was better than any other 
sword I’d be likely to come across.
The quirky asura, Wren, had implanted a weapon on me, but I had no idea if or when 
it would manifest. It would be reckless to count on having it during this upcoming 
battle.
My thoughts then shifted to my recent journey to Darv. I needed to be sure whether 
Rahdeas was the leader of this treason, and if he was, to decide what I should do. Even 
if Eljiah’s foster parent didn’t control the two dwarven Lances, according to Alduin and 
Merial, he still held a large amount of support from the dwarven citizens. The dwarves’ 
overall dissatisfaction with humans, especially the Glayder family, ran deep, so if we 
had to kill him, it would mean a mass uprising.
Pulling myself out of my thoughts, I noticed that the room had become dim. I couldn’t 
tell how much time had passed, but it clearly wouldn’t be long until the event.
“Arthur? Are you in there? We’re coming in!” With a loud bang, the door to my room 
burst open and a crowd of maids and guards filed in, with Virion at the back.
I had no time to prepare or even react. The guards were already pushing the furniture 
aside to make space in the center of the room, while a horde of maids began 
undressing me.
What disturbed me more, though, was how accustomed I was to being thrown into 
situations like this. Shall I call this the Virion Effect?
Virion stepped up, already elegantly dressed in a black robe. Its silver trimmings 
accentuated his silver hair, which was tied neatly behind him. “Now, you’re probably 
surprised by—”
“—Nope,” I cut in. “What is it you’re planning this time, old man?”
A few maids gasped at my crude response, but Virion just waved for them to continue. 
“I see that barging into your room and having a team of maids abruptly strip you naked 
doesn’t put you in the most amiable of moods. No offense taken. I’ve taken the liberty 
of arranging this event as a sort of trap—harmless—for our dear Rahdeas, and you, 
my soon-to-be-grandson, have the lead role.”
TESSIA ERALITH
The figure standing in front of me, her head tilted ever-so-slightly in scrutiny, wore a 
lavishly decorated dress of shimmering black. The silky fabric came up just above the 
base of her neck, with subtle frills adding a girlish touch. The sleeves covered the 
length of her arms with the same delicate frills at the ends, while the dress fell on the 
shorter side—coming up just short of her knees.
Locks of gunmetal hair flowed down on one side in perfectly arranged twirls that 
contrasted starkly against the dark color of her attire.
After wearing armor and being covered in grime for the past several months, I couldn’t 
believe the person in the mirror was me.
“You look beautiful.” My mother’s glance shifted from me to my reflection with a warm 
smile on her face. Looking at her as she sat properly in a chair beside me, however, I 
couldn’t help but lose confidence, even in my new dress.
Though I knew she was much younger than my father, my mother should still be past 
her prime. Yet her bright silver hair was still lush, her blue eyes still radiant, and her 
skin still youthfully supple. She and my father had already finished preparing for the 
event, and in contrast to my dark gown, my mother wore a beautiful dusty rose dress 
which flowed gently, emphasizing her slim waist and the swell of her hips, while still 
maintaining a reserved elegance.
I studied myself, turning left and right so I could see every angle while a team of maids 
nodded in quiet contentment. “I’m not so sure about this. The dress is a bit bleak, isn’t 
it? Maybe I should wear something a little brighter?”
“I think the black makes you look mature,” she answered. “What do you girls think?”
“I agree,” the head maid quickly replied. “This was made by a famous silk weaver in 
Kalberk City, who designed it specifically for you, Lady Tessia. The lacing and frills add 
a playful touch while the overall shape and color of the dress gives a very—excuse my 
language—sensual appearance.”
“Sensual?” I pondered, twisting left and right once more.
“Laylack, the designer, believes that the clothing itself shouldn’t be beautiful. Rather, 
he feels the clothing should bring out and accentuate the beauty of the wearer,” a 
younger maid added. “I think this dress does a fine job of that. If I didn’t know better, 
I’d think your hair and eyes were actually glowing in contrast to the dress.”
“Oh please. You girls said the same things when I first tried on my armor! I can’t trust 
any of you,” I argued, but I was unable to keep the smile from creeping across my 
pouting face. A wave of laughter filled the room as the maids hurriedly added the 
finishing touches.
Stepping out of my room, I spotted Stannard, Darvus, and Caria chatting with one 
another.
“Your Majesty.” The three of them stiffened at the sight of my mother before greeting 
her in unison.
“Mr. Berwick, Mr. Clarell, and Ms. Rede,” my mother responded with a soft smile then 
looked at me before turning toward the stairs leading to the uppermost floor of the 
castle, where the event was being held. “Tessia, I’ll see you up there. I have matters to 
attend to with your father and the other Council members.”
My mother was escorted toward the stairwell, through the gathering crowd, and out 
of sight. I remained in the hallway with a couple of castle guards, and my three friends 
and team members, who had silently waited as my mother and her maids departed. 
Then they turned back to me with cheeky grins.
“Lookin’ good there, Princess.” Darvus, dressed in a sleek black suit, nudged me with 
his elbow as we made our unhurried way to the stairs. His usually unruly mane was 
slicked back with oil, and the structured cut of the suit did a nice job of toning down 
his burly frame.
“You’re being gross, Darvus,” Caria said, rolling her eyes as she turned to me. “But he’s 
not lying. You look gorgeous.”
It was obvious my petite friend had put in a lot of effort for the occasion, and it had 
paid off. Complementing her youthful appearance and curly, bobbed hair, her fluttery 
green dress came down to mid-thigh—a length that’d be frowned upon by the older 
generation if not for the tights she wore underneath.
“Thanks, but I didn’t realize how uncomfortable I’d be in this getup.”
“At least you look good in your getup,” Stannard complained from behind us. “I look 
like some ornamental bird.”
The rest of us laughed as Standard fluttered his bright blue robes like they were wings. 
Rather than a fitted suit like Darvus, Stannard had chosen to wear a more luxurious 
conjurer’s robe, which looked to be more decorative than functional.
“Anyway,” I said, turning back to Caria, who was walking beside me. “You look rather 
charming yourself. Are you trying to snag one of the noble boys at the event?”
Caria’s face immediately reddened, but she tried to look calm as she answered. 
“Please! Most of the younger nobles attending are probably their family heirs, which 
means one thing: They’re super pretentious! Seriously, hiding safely here in the castle 
to protect their lineage while sipping on wine.”
“My oldest brother happens to be one those heirs you speak of,” Darvus said. “And you 
are absolutely spot on about him.”
“Then maybe help Stannard find a nice lady to settle down with after the war is over,” 
I said.
“Yes, please.” He nodded fervently. “I’d like that very much.”
“Hey! Why don’t you help me?” Darvus complained.
“Shush!” Caria reached over and smacked her childhood friend’s arm. “Why would the 
princess of Elenoir introduce anyone to such a crass lump of muscle?”
“Excuse me?” Darvus clutched his heart as if he’d been stabbed. “After I so kindly 
invited the two of you, this is the thanks I get?”
“Tessia would’ve invited us even if you hadn’t,” Stannard retorted.
“Regardless! I’m just going so I can hear the big announcement and eat some good 
food,” Caria said.
“I’m also curious as to what the announcement is going to be,” I said.
“Your grandfather didn’t even tell you? Must be big,” Darvus said, his brows raised.
By the time we reached the stairwell, traffic was at a standstill due to the sheer volume 
of people trying to get up, but with our pointless banter and talk of recent missions, 
the time seemed to go quickly.
Unlike some of the past events held by the Council, this one was open to people from 
outside the castle as well, so the large spiraling stairway was packed with nobles. 
Unaccustomed to being crammed in such tight quarters, many were loudly voicing 
their complaints. Some used the opportunity to casually brag to their peers—at a notso-casual volume—about their families’ large expanses of land and wealth, hoping to 
impress potential suitors nearby. While I noticed some glances come my way, few 
nobles had the audacity to try and approach me. Those who did were easily scared 
away by my guards.
It was clear how uncomfortable Caria and Stannard were, in the middle of so many 
nobles. While Caria had had some exposure, since her family had served Darvus’s 
family for generations, Stannard came from a humbler background.
“I’m tired already,” he mumbled as he was pushed and pulled by the crowd.
“You think it’s bad here, imagine how packed it is on the lower floors, closer to the 
teleportation gate,” Darvus consoled him.
Caria agreed. “Yeah, I heard there are a lot of people coming from outside, since this is 
the first time since the war started that the castle’s been open to anyone other than 
the residents.”
As we inched slowly toward the top floor, I glanced around every now and then, hoping 
to maybe spot Arthur. Chances were that he was either still resting or would come 
later on, but my eyes seemed to subconsciously search for a head of long auburn hair.
As if reading my mind, Caria asked, “By the way, where’s your handsome lover?”
“He’s not my lover!” I said a bit too loudly, causing heads to turn around us. “And he 
got injured recently so I think he’s resting… probably.”
“Mister Lance got hurt?” Darvus gasped mockingly. “I guess he’s not as strong as they 
say.”
“Yet you still got your ass handed to you,” Stannard chimed in innocently.
“Shut up!” my burly friend retorted, then, glaring at Caria, said, “And he’s not that
handsome. With that long hair, I bet a lot of people mistake him for a girl.”
“Aww, is someone jealous?” Caria grinned. “I’ve heard that after Arthur’s appearance 
at the dungeon, quite a few girls were smitten by him.”
“Looks like our princess now has to fend off competition as well as Alacryans and 
mutant mana beasts,” Stannard teased.
“You guys know I can demote you all now, right?” I threatened in return.
After half an hour of inching up the stairwell, we finally reached the top floor of the 
castle. The view was met with a collective gasp of amazement. Like the terrace on the 
residential floor, the top of the castle was enveloped in a transparent dome-shaped 
barrier so that the entire venue appeared to be taking place outdoors.
The sun was just beginning to set, and the entire castle was surrounded by an endless 
expanse of serene magenta and burning orange. Orbs of light floated above us inside 
the dome, casting a gentle glow. Hundreds of nobles were there—elves and humans 
and dwarves, all dressed meticulously—and an orchestra played a variety of flutes and 
stringed instruments to fill the gaps in conversation. Stepping up to the top floor, I felt 
as if I’d been transported into a mesmerizing fairyland.
Darvus let out a long whistle of appreciation, while Stannard’s gaze darted from one 
place to another in wonder.
“It’s beautiful,” Caria breathed.
“Ugh, I spotted my family,” Darvus groaned. “Caria, come on. Let’s greet them now and 
get it over with.”
As Caria was being unwillingly pulled away by her friend, I spotted Emily. Wearing a 
bright yellow dress that appeared to have some smudges and stains on it, she was 
pouring herself a drink near the empty stage. The apprentice artificer seemed 
unbothered by the looks of disdain and disgust from the nobles nearby as she casually 
finished her drink in a single gulp.
“Emily!” Stannard shouted before I had the chance to call out to her.
“Ah! Little Stannard! Princess!” Emily greeted, waving her empty glass.
I broke into a fit of laughter at the sight of her running awkwardly while she held up 
her dress, with no care for her outward appearance.
Emily was breathing heavily by the time she reached us. “Finally, people I know!”
“I didn’t expect to see you here,” I said after greeting her with a hug.
“Who did you think was responsible for setting up all these lighting artifacts?” She 
rolled her eyes.
“You did all this?” Stannard exclaimed.
“Well, it certainly wasn’t my carefree and lazy master,” she mumbled sourly.
“Is that how you got those stains?” I giggled.
Emily looked down and gasped. “Oh no! I didn’t even notice! Must’ve been when I was 
adding more of the mana-conducting fluid.”
“Hey, Emily. Isn’t that your master over there?” Stannard pointed near the tables 
where, lo and behold, the master artificer, Gideon, was alternating between biting into 
a large leg of some bird and sipping on a glass of wine.
“Damn old coot,” Emily muttered before stomping off after him. “Master Gideon!”
At Emily’s outcry, the old artificer choked on his food. Stannard and I followed her, 
ducking our heads in embarrassment.
“You old bat! After pushing off all the work on me because you were ‘feeling unwell,’ 
you show up here to drink and eat?” Emily huffed, snatching away the gnawed hunk 
of meat, which Gideon was trying to take another bite of.
“Must you raise your voice so, dear apprentice? I’m standing right in front of you,” 
Gideon grumbled, taking a sip from his glass before acknowledging our existence. 
“Princess Tessia, Stannard. Glad to see you two are still alive. That’s always a good
thing.”
“It’s been a while,” I responded, while Stannard bowed respectfully.
Emily huffed out a defeated breath as she handed back her master’s food. “You usually 
don’t care for these sorts of events. What brings you here—besides the free food and 
liquor?”
“I was given a rather interesting task by your grandfather”—he looked at me—“so I’m 
just killing time until then. Plus, I get to see the one person on this entire continent 
who, I daresay, is smarter than me.”
“There’s someone smarter than you, Master Gideon?” Stannard asked, genuinely 
surprised.
Meanwhile, Emily leaned in, eyes glowing with curiosity. “What’s this task?”
“The princess’s lover boy, Arthur.” Gideon said in wonder. “Boy, what I’d give to be able 
to extract all the secrets from that boy’s head.”
“What. Is. The. Task?” Emily pinched her master’s arm.
“It’s. A. Secret,” Gideon said mockingly, then slapped her away before rubbing his arm.
The eccentric old artificer wandered off after a butler holding a plate of finger foods, 
and Emily chased after her master to try and get more information.
So you are going to be here. A faint smile crossed my lips.
“How is that possible?” Stannard muttered to himself. “There’s no way Arthur can be 
smarter than Master Gideon.”
“If I hadn’t known Arthur since we were both children, I probably wouldn’t believe 
Gideon either,” I consoled him.
As I followed Emily and her mentor, my gaze drifted toward a crowd gathering near 
the top of the stairwell where we had first entered.
I recognized the head sticking out of the crowd. With his black hair still parted down 
the middle and his sharp eyes softened by thick glasses, it was undeniably the Xyrus 
guild hall manager, Kaspian Bladeheart.
“Tessia?” Stannard said, snapping me out of my daze.
“Yes? What is it?”
“I was just asking if you wanted to try to look for Darvus and Caria.” His pale blue eyes 
shifted between me and where I had been staring.
“You go on ahead,” I said, already walking toward the small crowd. “I’ll meet up with 
you guys later.”
Pushing aside the people gathered there, I headed toward the familiar man. Then my 
eyes landed on the girl. She was about my age, and he and several guards were 
protecting her from the crowd.
“Claire!” I blurted.
The former leader of the disciplinary committee, whose condition and whereabouts 
had been kept hidden by the Bladeheart family, was standing in the center where the 
nobles had gathered.
“Princess Tessia,” Kaspian Bladeheart, Claire’s uncle, greeted me.
“It’s been a while,” I replied.
“Uncle, it’s stifling in here. Let me get some fresh air with Princess Tessia,” Claire said.
The usually expressionless guild hall manager frowned, his brows furrowed in 
concern. “But—”
“It’ll be fine.” She gave her uncle a soft smile before pulling me through the crowd.
I remained silent as we made our way to the edge of the roof of the castle, where a 
small set of stairs led down to a deck overlooking the sky.
Neither of us spoke for a moment; we simply leaned against the railing. The medley of 
noises surrounding the big event were muffled by the whistling of the wind against 
the barrier surrounding us.
“You look great,” I finally said.
I wasn’t lying. Claire had been an upperclassman and I, along with many other 
students at Xyrus, had looked up to her—always bright and never afraid to take 
challenges head on. Seeing her tonight, wearing an ivory dress with a thin shawl 
draped over her shoulders, it seemed a gentle, calm air had replaced her normally 
lively and spirited aura. It wasn’t just that, though. I couldn’t quite place my finger on 
it, but something felt different about her.
“I appreciate it.” She smiled faintly. “And I think you’ve probably heard enough how 
beautiful you look tonight.”
“Mostly from friends and family,” I said, looking down at my dress and wishing for a 
moment that it was a suit of armor instead. “Their words are more obligatory than 
anything else.”
I swallowed down all the questions I, like so many of the nobles who had gathered 
around her, wanted to ask, choosing instead to let the silence linger.
“I heard you’re leading a team out on the field,” she said.
“Yes. Although it’s been fairly recent.”
“I’m jealous,” she continued. “You must’ve gotten a lot stronger.”
“Oh no, I still have a lot to learn,” I replied. “I’ve yet to control my beast will completely, 
and my long-range conjuring is a mess since I’ve been focused on getting better with 
my sword.”
“I see,” she nodded.
“I don’t think I’ve ever told you this, but the Bladeheart techniques played a big part 
in shaping my swordplay,” I continued. “Speaking of which…”
Noticing my hesitation, she shook her head. “I still practice with the sword every now 
and then, but not nearly as much as before.”
“Are your injuries still…?”
She shook her head. “My injuries from Xyrus are mostly healed.”
“That’s great!” I said, a little too loudly. “Will you be taking part in the war, then?”
“No,” she answered flatly.
“Oh.” I was surprised by Claire’s answer. She’d always had a strong sense of justice, 
which was a big part of why she had been selected as the leader of the disciplinary 
committee. “Did your family not approve because of… what happened at school?”
“It’s not that.” She gazed overhead at the stars surrounding us.
“Do you mind if I ask why?” I pressed. “If your family’s okay with it, and your injuries 
have gotten better—”
“My physical injuries have gotten better,” she interrupted, leveling her gaze at me.
Taking me off guard, she began removing the straps of her dress. She turned around 
so that her back was to me, then lowered her dress to reveal the large scar on her 
lower back.
She had other scars from past wounds, but none of them compared to the large 
disfigurement next to her spine. Then, lifting her dress, she turned back to me, her 
expression hard. “But the one thing the emitters and medics couldn’t fix was my mana 
core.”
My hand came up to my mouth as I inadvertently gasped. I now realized what was 
different about her. The thing that I couldn’t place my finger on. “Then…”
She nodded, her face masked with an expression that told me she had accepted this 
long ago. “I can’t use magic anymore.”
Despite spending much of my life learning how to behave properly—what to say and 
how to say it in various situations—I was still unable to muster up the appropriate 
words to respond to Claire.
Any sort of apology or attempt at consolation could only come off as pitying or 
insensitive; how could I dare tell her ‘it’ll be okay’ after complaining about my lack of 
progress in the one part of her life she’d never be able to get back, let alone improve?
To my surprise, Claire breathed out a soft laugh.
“I’m sorry—it’s just your expression,” she explained, noticing my confusion. “If I didn’t 
know better, I’d think you’d just swallowed a bug or something. Don’t worry. I’ve 
pretty much come to terms with it.”
“But still…” I muttered.
“It’s fine,” Claire said dismissively, shaking her head. “I’ve told my uncle that I plan on 
helping out where I can at the Bladeheart Sword Institution. I figure training new 
soldiers can be my way of helping out in this war.”
I didn’t—couldn’t—respond. She was the one who had almost died and was now 
unable to practice magic, yet she was trying to lift the mood while I stood here, 
disheartened.
“Claire!” a clear voice suddenly boomed from behind us.
The two of us turned to see the eldest son of the Glayder family at the top of the steps, 
his sister standing next to him. Prince Curtis’s eyes were locked on Claire, his sharp 
brows furrowed in concern and frustration. Princess Kathyln was wrapped in a 
shimmering white dress; though she was known for being expressionless, her eyes 
were red and lined with tears, her delicate pale hands clenched by her sides.
Before Claire could even say a word, the two of them rushed down and embraced their 
former leader.
“It’s nice to see you both, too,” Claire puffed, struggling to breathe.
Prince Curtis released her, his expression still a mixture of worry and anger. “Do you 
know how worried we all were? Your being here means you’re okay, right?”
“What happened?” Kathyln asked.
I took a seat and listened as the three of them got caught up. Claire told Curtis and 
Kathyln the same thing she’d told me. I watched their faces darken, and imagined that 
I must’ve looked very similar to how they looked now.
As I had done, Curtis froze, unable to form a response when Claire revealed her 
inability to manipulate mana. But to my surprise, Kathyln spoke up.
“You’re very strong,” she said, then lifted her watery gaze and locked eyes with her 
former leader. “I think being able to overcome such a huge obstacle and move forward 
with a smile says much more about you than the color of a mana core ever could.”
Touched by her powerful words. I shifted my gaze and saw that Claire had stiffened at 
the princess’s response. Tears began rolling down her cheeks.
Seeming surprised by her own reaction, Claire hurriedly wiped the tears away with 
her palms, but they refused to stop falling. “This is embarrassing. I can’t believe I’m 
crying.”
My chest throbbed, watching her cry while Princess Kathyln embraced her once again. 
Curtis turned to me and dipped his head, but remained silent.
Claire’s sniffles soon turned to giggles as she laughed at her own state. “Look at me. I 
was barely presentable before, and now I’m a teary, snotty mess!”
“Who are you trying to be presentable for?” I teased, eliciting a laugh from all three of 
them. Just like that, the ice had melted.
“Princess Tessia,” Curtis smiled, nodding politely as I approached again. “I apologize 
for not greeting you right away.”
“Princess Tessia,” Kathyln echoed, dipping her head.
“No problem.” I smiled back. “And we should be able to be a bit more comfortable with 
each other, considering we were once schoolmates. Right, Curtis, Kathyln?”
“You’re right,” Curtis grinned. “And yes, it has been a while, Tessia.”
“It’s nice seeing you again,” Kathyln said, with a smile so faint I almost mistook it for a 
twitch.
The three of us eventually settled around a patio table nearby. I wasn’t particularly 
close to any of them, but all four of us quickly bonded over our mutual friend, Arthur.
They all had much to say about him and soon enough, we were sharing laughs and 
stories about his exploits.
“He always seems so put together and mature,” Claire said. “And then I spot him doing 
weird things, like fighting with his bond over the meat on his plate at the cafeteria.”
“Tell me about it. I’ve known him for more than a decade and I still can’t always tell 
what he’s thinking,” I said, my mind going back to our argument in the dungeon.
“What was Arthur like when he was younger?” Kathyln asked.
I had to think for a moment before answering. “I remember him being much colder. 
He kept his distance from everyone. Even when we were laughing together and teasing 
each other, there always seemed to be some restraint on his part. Of course, I had no 
clue back then, but looking back now, Arthur has come a long way as a decent person.”
“There’ve been moments when I was truly jealous of him, though,” Curtis admitted, 
looking slightly embarrassed.
“I can certainly see how most young men would be jealous of him when it comes to 
magic and fighting, but he’s rather lacking in other aspects,” I replied.
“And what aspects might those be?” Claire grinned deviously. “Perhaps knowing the 
female heart?”
“I didn’t have anything specific in mind!” I looked away, hoping the evening sky would 
mask my burning cheeks.
Claire turned her head to the quiet princess. “Your most fearsome rival in love can’t 
even admit to her feelings, Kathyln.”
“What? Rival in love?” Curtis exclaimed, also turning to his sister. “Who? Arthur?”
The princess’s pale face turned such a bright shade of red, I feared she might pass out. 
“No! I mean, it doesn’t matter. I think Arthur is much better suited to Princess Tessia.”
“That won’t do!” Claire continued teasing. “You can’t give up without a fight.”
Curtis jumped in, lecturing his sister about being too young to date, while Kathyln 
denied everything Claire was saying and shot me quick, uncertain looks.
I smiled along, but I also took a good look at the princess sitting across from me. Large, 
dark eyes with long, thick lashes, on a face so small you could cover it with one hand. 
Milky complexion and such a small, delicate body that even I wanted to protect her. In 
addition to the fact that she was an extremely gifted deviant conjurer, she had no flaws.
I wonder if Arthur prefers the cute, reserved type.
“Tessia?”
I snapped out of my daze at the sound of Curtis’s voice. “Ah, sorry. I was thinking of 
something else.”
“It’s okay. I was just curious where Arthur was. I haven’t seen him around anywhere.”
“I saw him this morning,” I answered. “He was still recovering so I didn’t think he’d 
make it to the event, but it turns out he will be here.”
“Arthur got hurt?” Kathyln blurted, surprising her brother and Claire.
I nodded. “He’s okay now. Supposedly it was some sort of blunder on his part, but I 
feel like they’re not telling me everything.”
“Arthur isn’t the type to make a blunder during a fight,” Curtis noted. “I wonder what 
happened.”
“You know…” said Claire, suddenly melancholy, “I really have come to terms with my 
injury, but if there’s one thing I regret, it’s being unable to fight by Arthur’s side during 
this war.”
“I’m curious as to what he’d be like, too. If it’s anything like how he was during the 
incident at Xyrus, I know it’d be worth it,” Curtis said.
I thought back to the day the soldiers and I had found Arthur atop the mountain of 
corpses. Those memories still sent chills down my spine. It was a part of Arthur I 
wouldn’t mind not seeing ever again.
We continued our conversation until it became apparent, by the drastic increase in the 
noise level, that something was going on.
“I think it’s about time we went back to the main hall,” Claire suggested, getting up. 
The rest of us began following her up the steps, but suddenly she came to a stop.
“What’s wrong?” I called. She stood rigidly at the top of the stairs, but my concern had 
been answered by the time we reached her.
Wearing an elegant set of armor—composed only of a pauldron and greaves made of 
mithril—was the Lance, Varay Aurae; otherwise known as Zero.
“Master.” Kathyln immediately bowed.
“General Varay,” I said in greeting.
“Good evening.” She nodded, her sharp brown eyes tracking from Kathyln to her 
brother and back to me. “I’m here to escort the three of you during tonight’s event. Of 
course, Miss Bladeheart is welcome to join you.”
“Claire. Are you okay?” I asked, shaking her gently.
Taking a step back, she turned to me with a wry smile. “Y-Yeah. It’s just that, since I 
can’t use mana anymore, General Varay’s aura—even suppressed—paralyzed me for 
a second. I’m fine now,” she hurriedly added, seeing the concerned expressions on our 
faces.
We headed back inside, but my thoughts were on Claire and all the things that we had 
always taken for granted—things she was now incapable of doing.
“Even in a place like this, they stand out,” a voice murmured a few feet away, pulling 
me away from my thoughts.
“You really have to rate them by a whole different standard,” another voice whispered, 
this time closer. “And here I thought the girls at Kalberk were pretty.”
“You’re into those prim and proper ladies?” his friend replied. “I’ve heard the girls 
down at Blackbend are more ‘willing,’ if you know what I mean.”
His friend hid a snicker behind a gloved fist but immediately froze when he realized 
my eyes were on him. I repressed the urge to rebuke them; in the past, I probably 
would have done so—and at a volume that everyone could hear—but this wasn’t 
anything new, nor was it worth causing a scene over. Besides, my glare was enough to 
shut him up for now.
Needless to say, walking alongside General Varay with Curtis, Kathyln, and the 
mysterious Bladeheart child who had, until now, not been seen since the Xyrus 
incident, I turned heads left and right. Looking around, I could see men of noble 
households nudging their companions, trying to be discreet—the same way the girls 
tried to be discreet while they ogled Curtis.
He and Darvus wore very similar styles of clothing, but the two couldn’t have looked 
more different. While Darvus—with his hair slicked back and his attire ornamented 
with a bit too much gold—looked more like an overdressed thug than a noble, there 
was no doubt for anyone here that Curtis was royalty.
Walking through the hall filled with staring nobles, I was grateful to have General 
Varay by our side. Even the bolder nobles didn’t dare step in our direction with a Lance 
beside us.
Claire leaned toward me. “How do you guys get used to this much attention? It’s 
absolutely nerve-racking.”
I smiled and whispered back, “Just don’t trip over your own feet.”
“Great.” She looked down. “Now, I’m conscious of my walking.”
Arriving near the front of the stage, I caught sight of my parents, along with the rest of 
the Council, seated against the wall. Suddenly, the entire hall darkened.
Gasps of surprise and mutters of confusion erupted. While I wasn’t able to enhance 
my vision like augmenters could, assimilating with the elderwood guardian had 
greatly improved my senses—to the point that I could see the members of the Council 
trading puzzled glances with one another.
Most people seemed to assume that this was part of the event. The noise inside the 
hall slowly died down until only the soft rustling of clothes could be heard.
Footsteps echoed across the wooden stage, creating even more suspense amongst the 
guests. Then an illuminating artifact, floating above the stage, activated to reveal my 
grandfather, now standing in a pillar of light.
“Thank you all for waiting!” His sharp voice rang with authority, evoking applause 
from the nobles, but I could only groan in embarrassment.
Everyone seemed to love the theatrics, but I found them tacky. My grandfather, the 
highest authority in Dicathen during this war, had certainly dressed for the part, with 
a rich burgundy robe embellished with gold trim and gleaming black jewels. Even his
hair seemed to shimmer like pearls—most likely with the help of the lighting—and he 
stood straight with his hands clasped behind him.
After the applause died down, my grandfather spoke. “First, let me apologize to 
everyone here. I know that little has been said about the purpose of this event. This 
was done intentionally—not for security, and certainly not for safety. No, this was done 
for the sake of surprising each and every person here today.”
Heads turned as nobles looked at one another in confusion, uncertain if they had 
heard right.
“Yes, you all heard correctly,” he chuckled. “Some positive news—in the form of a 
surprise—is something we could all use in these times of duress.”
Murmurs of agreement sounded from those around us.
“So, since I’ve kept you all waiting long enough, allow me to present to you our first 
step toward victory in this war! We have come together today to commend the one 
responsible for eradicating a central power of the enemy side—a retainer!” My 
grandfather stepped to the side as a whirring noise sounded from below. The stage 
split in half and a gruesome figure, locked in a tomb of ice, was raised into view.
The nobles closest to the stage all took several fearful steps back, some of the weaker 
ones even stumbling.
Falling into a stupor as I gazed at the Vritra, I felt someone tugging on my arm. Looking 
back, I saw Claire barely managing to stay standing, her face deathly white. “Claire?”
I hurriedly grabbed hold of my friend by the waist to keep her upright. “Do you want 
to go further back?”
“No.” She shook her head. “I need to be able to at least endure this much.”
It pained me to see her so helpless—especially because she was someone I had once 
looked up to—but I let her be and turned back toward the stage. Considering it was 
able to emanate such a noxious aura even after death, I could only imagine how strong 
it must’ve been in life.
As I looked in wonder and horror at the display, I was struck by a thought. The Vritra 
had been encased in ice, and to such a degree that I felt its chill from back here. I looked 
instinctively at General Varay, but she looked as stunned as everyone else in the room.
And her gaze wasn’t fixed on the disfigured monster.
I peered at the stage and saw another person coming from the back, hidden in the 
shadows behind the column of light shining down on the ice-encased retainer.
I should have been expecting something like this, after all these years, but I wasn’t. I 
was as stunned as General Varay, and everyone else in this hall, when Arthur stepped 
into view for everyone to see.
Everyone in the hall held their breath as Arthur came into view, and silently waited 
for him to speak.
He stood wordlessly and surveyed the outdoor gallery from atop the stage. Every 
person present seemed entranced by the image as their hero stood before them, 
bathed in light, posing dramatically next to the block of ice.
I had seen Arthur just hours before, and was stunned by how different he looked now. 
His long auburn hair was tied loosely in a knot. Rather than the usual formal human 
attire, he wore a silky decorative robe like us elves. However, unlike our traditional 
garb, the loose sleeves of his robe hung barely past his elbows, and the visible portions 
of his arms were covered by thin, tight-fitting gloves. Completing his refined ensemble 
was a rich fur pelt, as white as snow, slung over one shoulder.
It hadn’t been too long since he had appeared in front of the world, adorned in 
extravagant armor that had dazzled everyone who’d come to watch. Now, seeing him 
up there standing in the column of light in his elegant attire, he didn’t seem just 
dazzling. He radiated an otherworldliness that I had only felt in the presence of Master 
Aldir.
I was distracted by his transformation, and it was only when Arthur turned his head, 
peering deeply at the Vritra retainer encased in ice, that I realized the red burns that 
had scarred his neck were no longer visible.
He turned back to face us before speaking, his voice low and steady. “Displaying a 
corpse as some sort of trophy or keepsake for the masses to gawk at is something I 
deeply disapprove of, but those of you attending this event tonight aren’t part of the 
masses. Each noble here knows that the workers, civilians, and inhabitants of your 
lands are waiting impatiently for news regarding this war—until now, vague 
assumptions and baseless theories were the only things you could give them.”
Arthur paused, but the crowd remained quiet, patiently waiting for him to speak again. 
“Born to a humble background, I have been able to climb to where I am now thanks to 
my family—as well as the friends I met along the way. I am now a Lance, and the 
youngest one at that, but I’m not the strongest. The Lances out there, some whom are 
fighting battles as we speak, are far above me in power—yet even I was able to defeat 
a retainer, one of the so-called ‘highest powers’ of the Alacryan army.”
Arthur paused once more, and excited murmurs began sounding from the crowd. I 
realized that his speech patterns were intentional. He was a year younger than me, 
and with his background, he had neither been taught nor prepared for things like 
speeches or the intricacies of public appearances, yet he utilized every breath, word, 
pause, and gesture to perfectly take control of the crowd.
“As you can see, I’ve sustained no injuries from my battle with this supposedly 
powerful force, and am healthy enough to chatter on like this amongst a crowd of 
nobles,” he said with a smile, eliciting laughter from everyone around me.
Placing one of his gloved hands on the tomb of ice, he shifted his gaze to where the 
Council was seated. “This is not only my offering to the Council, who has granted me 
this role, but is also a gift that I hope you can all take home and share with your 
people—figuratively, of course.”
Cheers and laughs erupted after Arthur bowed, signaling the end of his speech. The 
illuminating artifacts turned back on as Arthur left the stage and my grandfather took 
his place.
“Please feel free to get a closer look at the Vritra, and I hope you enjoy the rest of the 
evening.” With that, a few guards replaced my grandfather on stage, and the crowd 
burst into chatter and shuffling movement.
The Council came up first. Though they tried to hide their astonishment, it was 
obvious by their expressions that this was the first time any of them had seen the 
corpse. I watched as my parents, along with the elder Glayders, studied the frozen 
tomb. Only the dwarven elder, Rahdeas, kept his distance, his expression subtly 
strained.
“Princess Tessia, would you like me to escort you to the corpse?” General Varay asked, 
a rare hint of anticipation in her sharp eyes.
I didn’t want to disappoint the Lance, so Curtis, Kathyln, Claire, and I followed her 
toward the stage where nobles were already beginning to surround the frozen Vritra.
Reaching the front, I looked past the soldiers standing guard and examined the corpse 
inside the ice. It was hard for me to look at the Vritra for too long, though. In terms of 
its physical attributes, it—she—looked human, but staring at the two hollowed-out 
cavities where her eyes should have been filled me with a fear that couldn’t be blocked 
by mana.
I watched as Varay stared intently at all angles of the Vritra, her hands moving along 
the ice tomb as Claire studied the corpse wearily. Suddenly I remembered.
“Claire.” I gently tugged on her sleeve. “Wait right here! Let me go get Arthur!”
“What? Tessia, no—”
Ignoring Claire, I quickly made my way to the back of the stage, behind the curtains.
“This area is off—” The female guard stationed behind the stage retreated a few steps 
when she recognized me. “Princess Tessia?”
I smiled, quickly making up an excuse. “My grandfather is expecting me to meet him.”
The guard’s gaze shifted toward the narrow staircase beside her. “General Arthur and 
Commander Virion have ordered me to allow no one down these stairs, not even the 
rest of the Council,” she replied hesitantly.
“I know. They told me not to tell the Council that I’m here, either,” I lied. “Now please—
they are expecting me.”
She hesitated for a moment longer, then stepped aside with a nod, motioning for me 
to go down.
I didn’t thank her—that would’ve been suspicious. I just nodded back and headed 
down the staircase.
It was wide enough for only one person at a time, and seemed to spiral down endlessly. 
So long and repetitive was the staircase, it would have seemed like an illusion if not 
for the slight nuances in the design of each of the illuminating artifacts.
I quieted my steps with wind magic as I went further down the stairs. I knew what I 
was doing was wrong—even if it was just Arthur and my grandfather—but I was too 
curious about what these important matters were and why they needed to keep them 
secret, even from the Council.
Once I got close enough to hear faint voices muttering behind closed doors, I withdrew 
my magic. Both Grandpa and Arthur were freakishly sensitive to mana fluctuations, so 
if I wanted to eavesdrop, I would have to rely on just my hearing. Thanks to my 
enhanced senses after my beast will’s assimilation, I was able to make out what they 
were saying. From the sound of it, the artificer Gideon was there as well.
“Don’t push yourself, brat,” my grandfather grunted.
“I’m fine. I didn’t need to use magic, so it’s just physical fatigue more than anything 
else,” Arthur replied. His voice was weak, compared to how he had sounded up on 
stage. “This paste is rather stifling though.”
“Best not touch your neck, or it will wear off more quickly,” Gideon muttered. “You 
wouldn’t want your scars showing during the party.”
“Right,” Arthur responded, his voice taut as a bowstring. “I still have to go back out 
there.”
“Of course you do. You’re the star of the event,” Grandpa replied. “Your speech was 
convincing enough, though, so it might not be necessary for you to stay until the end.”
“Good. Gideon, how did the recording go?” Arthur asked.
“It was a hassle trying to capture the images at the exact moments you specified. 
There’s still a bit of a delay between the moment I press the trigger and when the 
image is—hold on, let me take note of that so I can fix it.”
“Focus, Gideon,” Arthur snapped, his voice impatient.
“I know you just had your legs forcefully torn into a mess and put back together, but 
that’s no excuse for being grumpy with me,” Gideon grumbled. “Anyway, I was able to 
capture the images of Rahdeas’s face when Virion first announced the Vritra, then 
when Arthur first came into view, and when Arthur said he had sustained no injuries,” 
Gideon noted.
“Here, let me see that,” my grandfather said. “What’s Rahdeas looking at in this 
picture?”
“Not what, who,” Arthur answered. “He’s looking at General Varay, who was in the 
crowd. I suggested to Tessia’s father that we have the Lance look after the royal 
children.”
“So Rahdeas thought General Varay was the one who killed the Vritra?” Gideon asked.
“Wait. Is that why you froze the retainer’s corpse? To make him think it was Varay?” 
My grandfather sounded surprised.
“I wanted him to think that it had taken the strongest Lance to kill one of the strongest 
forces in the Alacryan army before it was revealed that I killed her,” Arthur explained.
“You always have a few tricks up your sleeves, don’t you?” my grandfather said, a touch 
of pride in his voice.
“Look at Rahdeas’s face when he first saw the Vritra come up encased in ice. He’s 
surprised and looks immediately over toward Varay,” the artificer pointed out. “Then 
look at this image, after Arthur comes into view, and then when Arthur announced 
that he, the weakest of the Lances, had kicked the retainer’s ass without even 
sustaining an injury.”
“Shock and anger,” my grandfather noted. “Most would be surprised and grow 
progressively happier to learn that the weakest Lance is stronger than one of the 
supposed Alacryan powerhouses.”
“This still doesn’t prove that Rahdeas is actively helping the Alacryans, but this does 
give us a good idea of what his stance is on all of this,” Arthur added. “We’ll know for 
sure in the next battle when…”
Arthur’s voice trailed off. I couldn’t hear any of them anymore.
Lord Rahdeas is helping the Alacryans?
I needed to hear more. Just what was Arthur planning in this next battle?
I inched down a few more steps to get closer, but I still couldn’t hear them.
Damn it. I knew it was risky, but I decided to take the chance, hoping that Arthur’s 
weakened state would allow me to use just a tiny bit of magic. Before I could do so, 
however, a surge of mana erupted in front of me, and I covered my face with my arms 
on instinct.
“So, we had a little mouse sneaking around outside our door.” My stomach sank as I 
realized Arthur’s voice was now just inches away from me.
“Surprise,” I said weakly.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I very much enjoyed the surprised look on Tessia’s face when she realized she had 
been caught. Virion, close behind me, grumbled a curse under his breath as he realized 
it was his own granddaughter who had been eavesdropping.
“You know, boys don’t like girls who snoop around like this,” Gideon quipped.
Tess’s gaze flickered to me before looking away. “I wasn’t snooping. I came back here 
to look for Arthur and the guard let me in rather easily.”
“Yes, I’m sure the guard did,” Virion replied, then cast a barrier around all four of us. 
“Now—how much did you hear?”
“Enough,” she answered, her expression turning serious. “Is Lord Rahdeas really—”
“We’re not sure yet,” I cut in. “It’s too soon to assume anything or act on any of the 
information we’ve gathered so far.”
Her gaze fell, downcast. “I see.”
“Is there anything else we need to go over, Virion?” I looked over my shoulder at the 
old elf.
“I think we’ve shaken Rahdeas up enough for today. Good work, brat,” Virion answered 
with a nod.
I turned back to Tess. “Then would you like to accompany me for the rest of the event?”
She was taken aback at first, but then her face lit up in a bright smile. “Sure!”
We headed back up the stairs, where we were greeted by lively music and laughter, 
along with the frequent clinking of glasses.
“The mood sure turned festive,” I noted.
Tessia casually linked her arm through mine. “If I don’t do this, every nobleman within 
eyeshot will try to either ask me for a dance or to have a drink with him,” she 
explained, looking the other way.
“Every nobleman, huh?” I teased. “My meek childhood friend has sure turned confident.”
She tightened her grip on my arm, pinching it as she waved to the nearby nobles who 
greeted her.
Unable to express my pain with so many eyes watching, I casually leaned toward her, 
prying her fingers from my arm as I whispered, “Same old Tessia, resorting to violence, 
I see.”
“It’s because only violence seems to work on someone as slow as you, General,” she 
replied with a feigned smile.
As we walked through the large open venue of the party, I was greeted left and right 
by nobles from cities all over Dicathen. Despite her childish antics, Tess was a big help 
throughout the evening. She pointed out notable guests whom I should greet and 
share a drink with, and others who would be plenty satisfied with just a sincere 
greeting.
While I had experience with events like this from my former life, I knew very little of 
the politics involving the three kingdoms. Tess, on the other hand, knew exactly who 
was important, and knew their various personalities. By subtly leading the 
conversations and keeping them brief, while making sure not to offend anyone, Tess 
made my night much easier.
Perhaps the only downside to having her beside me was the occasional glare and pinch 
she gave me whenever she caught me returning a smile to the many ladies who 
greeted me.
She seemed to think I should only extend courtesy to those members of society 
outside my potential dating range.
“Brother!” Ellie called from the crowd.
Looking around, I caught sight of her—she was excitedly waving her arm amidst a 
group of friends. Even from here I could see the glimmering bracelet she wore, 
embedded with the pink beast core of a phoenix wyrm I had gotten for her and Mother. 
I waved back, and headed over to them. When I reached the group, my sister 
unexpectedly wrapped her arms around my waist.
“Ellie?” I said, startled.
“H-He really is your brother!” a pig-tailed girl in a puffy dress stammered as she tugged 
on Ellie’s sleeve.
“Girls, I’d like you all to meet my brother Arthur, and Princess Tessia,” Ellie announced, 
puffing out her chest as she wrapped her arms around my free arm.
“It’s an honor, General Arthur! Princess Tessia!” said a curly-haired girl in an overlyembellished white dress.
“You were so cool up there, General Arthur,” another girl exclaimed, inching closer to 
us. “Is it true that you took no injuries at all when you defeated the retainer?”
Looking at these little girls’ sparkling gazes, I suddenly felt embarrassed.
“As pretty and fragile as he looks, he’s actually one of the strongest mages in all of 
Dicathen,” Tess answered for me.
“You’re so lucky to have him as your brother,” a small girl with bobbed hair and a frilly 
dress said jealously. “My oldest brother wasn’t able to get into Xyrus, so he’s going to 
some no-name academy in Carn City, and my father sent my second brother to fight in 
the war after he caused trouble with another noble’s daughter.”
I watched silently as my sister resumed gossiping with her friends. It was a relief to 
see her laughing and smiling, as opposed to shedding tears over my injuries and our 
parents being far away.
After I gave my sister another hug, Tess and I walked away from her group.
“It’s funny how my sister always finds the need to introduce me to everyone she 
knows,” I said with a smile. “Even on her seventh birthday party at the Helstea Manor, 
she told every one of her little friends.”
“She just wants to show off her older brother,” Tess giggled, lightly holding onto my 
arm. “Even girls her age love to gossip and brag about what they have, and for Ellie, 
her one and only brother is a great source of pride.”
“Well, I’m just glad she seems to be surrounded by girls.”
“I’m sure your sister is pretty popular with the boys,” Tessia teased.
I froze, glancing back at my sister and her friends, just in time to see a small group of 
noble boys approaching them.
Tess tugged on my arm. “Come now; don’t be overbearing.”
My eyes shifted toward the back of the venue, where a large brown bear was gnawing 
on a thick bone. As if sensing my gaze, Boo stared at me with intelligent eyes. I jerked 
my head, pointing toward Ellie and her group.
Boo turned, and after noticing the group of boys, nodded once.
I nodded back.
He knew what had to be done.
“What are you doing?” Tess asked as I turned back and resumed moving across the 
room.
Behind me, I heard a loud growl and the frightened screams of little boys. “Nothing.”
After greeting a few more nobles, I excused myself and found a chair, where I slumped 
down to rest. My legs were on the verge of shaking, but I was still pleased at how well 
they’d healed.
Tess seemed to be searching for someone, stretching her neck as she tiptoed to see 
over the people around us.
“Wait here,” she blurted, before bolting off into the crowd. After some time, I spotted 
her heading back with General Varay beside her, a downcast look on her face.
“General,” I greeted her, getting up from my seat.
“General,” she echoed tersely, her eyes examining me.
“I’m so sorry, Arthur,” Tess apologized. “General Varay said she left. She didn’t want to 
see you.”
“What are you talking about?” I replied. “Who didn’t want to see me?”
Tess sighed deeply. “Claire Bladeheart. She was here today.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“How many troops do you need?” King Blaine asked as we studied the detailed map 
spread across the round table.
“Three—no—two divisions should suffice,” I answered.
“General Arthur, the western coast is where we need to be allocating most of our 
forces,” Rahdeas countered, placing his finger near Etistin and Telmore City. “Sending 
nearly twenty thousand troops up north will make this area too vulnerable.”
“I have to agree with Elder Rahdeas,” King Alduin added. “There are several battles 
near the coast that have been going on for days. Withdrawing even a single division 
would tip the balance in the enemy’s favor.”
Queen Priscilla rolled up the transmission scroll she’d been reading. “We are still 
evacuating civilians from both Telmore and Etistin. If forces on the coast are 
withdrawn, our troops will be pushed back and the battles will move to the cities.”
“Commander, we can perhaps send some of the elven troops stationed near Asyphin 
City down toward the edge of the border. Two divisions seem feasible,” Queen Merial 
advised, her brows knitted in concern.
Seated in front of me, Virion turned his gaze to the Lances, all standing upright behind 
their respective artifact holders. “Generals? What do you think?”
“General Arthur’s vague suspicion based on the loose evidence of what he thinks he 
‘saw’ doesn’t justify sacrificing a city or two.” General Bairon nearly spat the words.
“Bairon’s nasty tone aside, he makes a good point,” said Mica, the female dwarven 
Lance, who looked no older than my sister. “Moving that many troops a few hundred 
miles will take time, even with the help of teleportation gates.”
“General Aya? General Varay? General Olfred?” Virion asked. “Do you all agree?”
General Olfred, the oldest of the Lances, nodded. “It is too much of a risk.”
“Sorry, General,” the elven Lance beside me whispered before speaking up. “I agree—
it isn’t wise.”
We all looked to Varay, who was the only Lance here that I wasn’t confident I could 
defeat.
“If General Arthur’s claim is true, the right choice would be to send two divisions—if 
not more—up north,” the Lance answered curtly.
It was surprising to have General Varay’s support, but it worked against me in this 
case. However, Virion took advantage of her words to introduce the idea I really 
wanted to go with.
“General Varay is right in that, if what General Arthur claims is true, troops must be 
sent. After all, there has only been one sighting of a retainer since the war started—if 
a retainer and a Scythe lead this next attack, the damages would be catastrophic 
without appropriate measures.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
“Therefore—” Virion paused, his eyes shifting from one Lance to another— “I propose 
we send two Lances along with General Arthur to investigate whether or not there 
really is going to be a major attack led by a retainer and a Scythe up north.”
The rest of the council exchanged glances, each of them waiting for someone to come 
up with an argument against it.
“Commander.” King Blaine spoke up. “The Lances are the central figures for the 
divisions out in battle right now. If they are gone for too long, morale will decrease. 
And if a retainer or Scythe shows up in battle—”
“King Glayder,” Virion interrupted, his sharp stare piercing the human king. “Why do 
you think the Lances have refrained from partaking in most of the battles so far?”
The red-haired king remained silent.
“It’s quite simple. It’s not worth it,” Virion continued. “Large-scale destructive spells 
cast by any of our Lances would kill not just the enemy’s army but our own as well.
Even if we had everyone retreat, this is home ground. Land will be destroyed and left 
uninhabitable. Even if the Lances withheld their power and fought with the soldiers 
out on the field, sword in hand, there would still be casualties and deaths—on top of
the risk of attracting the Alacryans’ retainers or Scythes.
“Always keep in mind when fighting that our citizens have to live on this land. The goal 
is to win this war, but we must also preserve as much of our civilization as possible.” 
Virion’s authoritative gaze shifted from one ruler to another, directing this lesson to 
everyone present in the room. “That being said, if we can avoid a large-scale battle, 
with both Scythes and retainers fighting on the other side, by simply sending two 
Lances, then I’d say it’s a small price to pay. Our troops can go a few days without their 
leaders holding their hands.”
Although the Council’s reluctance was evident on their faces, they slowly nodded in 
agreement.
Virion clasped his hands together with a smile. “Good. Now which two Lances will 
accompany Arthur on this investigation up north?”
A thin hand rose from across the table. “Lord Aldir is the artifact holder for my two 
Lances. Although he is not here, I think it’s safe to assume that I can volunteer to send 
them with Arthur.”
I resisted the urge to smile. Everything was going as I had planned.
Virion played it cool as well, acting as if he was pondering Rahdeas’s decision.
“Indeed! Since Lord Aldir is not present, I think it’s only sensible to have the dwarven 
Lances under Elder Rahdeas’s command,” King Blaine seconded.
“The battles are taking place in Sapin, so I agree that sending General Olfred and 
General Mica would be the ideal option,” Queen Merial added.
Virion nodded slowly, as if almost reluctant. “Very well. General Olfred and General 
Mica, temporarily under Elder Rahdeas’s command, shall head up north with General 
Arthur to investigate the possibility that a retainer and a Scythe are planning an 
attack.”
Both dwarven Lances bowed respectfully, as did I.
“This is a reconnaissance mission, but I leave the situation to your best judgment. 
Priority is to not alert our enemies, especially if a retainer or Scythe is present. If 
circumstances permit a realistic chance of averting a full-scale battle, you may engage. 
Remember, our priority is to keep the battle away from civilians,” Virion added. 
“Prepare to leave tomorrow at sunrise. Rest of the Lances, dismissed.”
Walking through the dim hall outside the meeting room, I took a deep breath and let 
it out slowly, feeling the tension release from my chest. I had always hated meetings 
like these—tense and full of roundabout ways to say no or invent reasons not to take 
action unless certain that there was a personal benefit. While the Council appeared to 
present a united front of leaders from all three races to the public, their deep-rooted 
ideals and selfishness toward their own kingdoms were immediately apparent when 
you stepped into a Council meeting. Aldir’s execution of the Greysunders for their 
betrayal had inspired a certain amount of fear in the other royal families, but King 
Glayder, in particular, had grown bold since the war began in earnest. It was only the 
force of Virion’s leadership that allowed any consensus to be found within the Council 
meetings.
Though Virion and I had achieved our desired result, this was just the beginning. I 
scratched at my neck; Gideon’s concealing paste made my skin itch profusely, but I 
couldn’t take it off until I was alone. Despite the discomfort, I had somewhat enjoyed 
the rest of the evening. But one thing weighed heavily on my mind: Claire had been at 
the party.
She had seen me, but hadn’t wanted me to see her. I hadn’t seen her since Xyrus; the 
last memory I had of her was the sight of her being impaled. I tried to think of reasons 
why she was avoiding me, but the sound of footsteps behind me snapped me back to 
reality.
“Looks like we’ll be on a mission together!” a high voice sounded from several paces 
behind me.
“General Mica, General Olfred,” I greeted them politely, turning to face them.
“Just call me Mica.” The childlike dwarf smiled, while General Olfred simply nodded in 
acknowledgment.
“I’d prefer to preserve the formalities,” I said, gently refusing. “You are my seniors as 
Lances, after all.”
“At least the boy has some manners, despite his meager upbringing,” General Olfred 
said with a raised brow.
Boy, we’re really going to get along.
The only real impression I had of General Olfred was from when I had first been taken 
to the floating castle after the incident at Xyrus Academy. He had saved me from 
Lucas’s brother, General Bairon, back then. However, he had only been following 
orders.
“Well, if you’ll excuse me. I should get some rest for the long journey tomorrow.” I 
bowed lightly before turning back to the main staircase.
As I walked up to the residential floors, I probed Sylvie’s mind to see whether she was 
awake. Seeing that my bond was deep in slumber, I took a small detour.
When I reached the room at the end of the hall, I knocked on the thick wooden door.
“Coming,” Tessia’s voice called out.
The door slid open without a single creak, and Tess stood on the other side. She was 
dressed in sleepwear but her hair was still dripping with water.
“You’re la—Arthur?” Tess gasped. “What are you doing here?”
“Sorry.” I smiled. “Were you expecting someone?”
“Yes, Caria was supposed to come over. Arthur, what’s wrong?” she asked, noticing my 
blank gaze.
“Nothing. You just look a lot different from when you were at the event.”
Tess wrapped a towel around her head as she scowled at me. “Wow! Thanks for 
pointing that out!”
Realizing my mistake, I quickly shook my head. “No, I meant it in a good way. You look 
more like the Tessia I spent three years with way back then.”
“You need to work on your flattery skills,” she said, her tone flat. “Wait—no, actually. 
Don’t work on them.”
I laughed self-consciously. “Do you want to take a little walk with me?”
She pulled a thin robe over her sleepwear, and accompanied me down the hall toward 
the balcony where my sister had set up her target planks. Neither of us spoke as we 
walked side by side. Our arms weren’t linked as they had been at the event, but this 
somehow felt more intimate.
We reached the grassy terrace surrounded by trees, but continued walking until we 
were at the very edge. Sitting against the thick trunk of a nearby tree, I stared out at 
the night sky. The clouds below us moved slowly, dimly lit by the large moon overhead.
“The stars are beautiful,” I said admiringly. Coming from a world where brightly-lit 
cities masked the stars, being able to see such a serene spectacle was a blessing I had 
come to appreciate.
“It’s quiet nights like these when I wonder if there really is a war happening down 
below us,” Tess said softly. “I sometimes come out here and imagine that the clouds 
below us are the ocean, and I’m floating aimlessly on a boat. Childish, right?”
“I think you have the right to be a little childish at times,” I said. “You’re the head of an 
entire unit now. You’re responsible for the lives of the people you lead. That’ll never 
be an easy burden to carry, no matter how much experience you gain.”
“You say that as if you’ve been one,” she replied, bringing her knees close to her chest. 
“You’re technically a general, but the Lances don’t really lead soldiers.”
“You’re right, and in that regard I have it much easier. The main duty of a Lance is to 
single-handedly overpower an opposing enemy of their own caliber.” I turned to my 
childhood friend. “Which brings me to why I wanted to see you.”
“Does it have something to do with what you were talking about with Grandpa and 
Gideon?”
“Was it that obvious?”
“You’re not the type to do something as sentimental as this without reason,” she 
pointed out. “You either have to go away for a long time, do something dangerous 
again, or both.”
“Am I that much of an open book?” I asked, looking away from the stars and into her 
twinkling eyes.
“You’re more like an open chapter.” Tess smiled. “There are some parts that are so 
obvious, yet there are times I feel like I don’t know you at all.”
“Such as?”
She shook her head. “Well, for one thing, I want to know how you’re such an expert at 
everything you choose to do. What’s your secret?”
“Secret?”
“Magic, fighting, artificing, giving speeches—hell, even espionage and military 
strategy,” she listed. “I know complaining how unfair it is won’t do anything. I’m just 
curious.”
I held my tongue. The temptation to reveal everything about my past life had been 
growing each time I saw Tess, but now wasn’t the time. “I just read a lot of books when 
I was younger.”
“I don’t know what I expected.” Her expression was full of doubt and disappointment, 
but she didn’t question me any further.
“Tess, you don’t need to be in such a hurry to get stronger. You’re doing fine,” I 
comforted her.
“It’s just frustrating.” She said wearily.
“Frustrating?”
“I try my best to catch up to you. My mana core is just a half-step behind yours, I’m a 
beast tamer just like you, and I’ve studied under some of the best teachers in the 
continent, as well as an asura, just like you. Yet, I feel like the closer I get to reaching 
you, the farther you slip away from my grasp.”
“Tess…”
“Just promise me you’ll return back safely.” She gently ran her finger across my neck, 
where my scar had settled. Using a simple water spell, she loosened and peeled away 
the bandage that I had applied to hide the unsightly mark. “I don’t care how many 
scars you come back with, as long as you’re breathing and in one piece.”
I could feel my face beginning to burn at her words. I tried to think of something to 
distract us both; then I thought back to our argument in front of Cynthia Goodsky’s 
grave. Then and now, she had gotten worked up about the same thing. “Why is it so 
important for you to catch up to me, Tess?”
For a moment, the world around us was quiet as she stared off into the night sky. 
“Because only then will I have the confidence to tell you that I love you again.”
Before I could even process her words, Tess turned to face me. Her expression 
softened and she gave me a smile so genuinely sweet, and with just a hint of shyness, 
that a sudden warmth rushed through me.
OLFRED WAREND
It didn’t surprise me when Elder Rahdeas came to visit me, telling me he had brought 
home an infant human boy. I was familiar with his kindness; I myself had been a 
recipient of his goodwill, after all.
He had taken me away from the cruel streets of the upper caverns, giving me food and 
shelter in his own home. Treating me as if I were his blood, he taught me to read and 
write and, after discovering my natural inclination toward magic, even taught me the 
basics of mana manipulation.
But even then, I was cautious. Growing up without a home or family taught me to be 
suspicious of everyone. There was always the nagging thought that maybe this man 
was just nurturing me to sell me off one day. However, that wasn’t the case.
Years passed happily and my suspicions had long since evaporated—I had come to 
consider myself his son. After graduating as one of the top conjurers at Earthborn 
Institute, located in the capital city of Vildoral, I had been selected to train to become 
a guard with the royal family.
The Greysunders were greedy and looked down on their entire race, always discontent 
with how they were perceived—inferior to the humans and elves. But I served the king 
and queen faithfully and with the highest respect; that is what Rahdeas taught me.
After decades of dedicated service to the royal family, I heard talk of choosing the next 
two Lances, and it soon came to light that I had been selected as one of the candidates. 
At first, I had planned to drop out of the private tournament; if I had wanted my life 
bound to someone, it would be no one but Rahdeas.
Rahdeas had respected my decision—until the day he brought home the boy he named 
Elijah. Without giving me any details about how he had come across a human infant, 
Rahdeas urged me to become a Lance and to represent the dwarven people as a 
general, to forge the soulbond with the royal family and serve them faithfully. I argued, 
saying that I did not wish to chain my life irrevocably to the Greysunders, but Rahdeas 
assured me with utmost confidence that it would only be temporary—that I would be 
bound to him in the end.
I had learned during my time as a guard for the royal family that the Greysunders had 
been in power since the creation of Darv, yet Rahdeas was somehow able to guarantee 
their downfall.
He was the man I respected as a father and savior. Even if I disobeyed the king, I would 
never disobey Rahdeas.
Another decade passed. The human boy grew under the care of Rahdeas, and for the 
first time in history, the Lances were knighted in public.
Rahdeas was kind, but he was a man who, despite his love for his people, kept his 
thoughts to himself. He never told me what he meant when he said my soulbond with 
the Greysunders wasn’t permanent, or why he kept our ties a secret from the boy. He 
never explained who exactly it was who had told him that this boy was supposed to 
be the savior of the dwarves.
“You’re quiet, Olfred,” Rahdeas said from the other side of the large circular room, 
drawing me out of my contemplation of the past and back into the present. “What’s 
the matter?”
“Nothing, my lord.” I pried my gaze away from the window and faced the man who’d 
raised me.
“Olfred, I’ve told you to call me Rahdeas when we’re alone,” he scolded gently. “Now 
take a seat and have a drink with this old man.”
“I have grown old as well.” I took a seat across from him, accepting the goblet he 
handed me.
“The view of the moon is magnificent, is it not?” he said, taking a swig from his goblet, 
which seemed tiny in his large hand.
“It is,” I agreed.
“What an ignorant misconception of the humans and elves—they think that just 
because we live underground, we prefer caves over buildings. With the unbearable 
gales that batter Darv constantly, did they never stop to think that we didn’t construct 
tall towers and buildings because we couldn’t?”
I nodded, looking out the window as I took a sip. “Ignorance leads to false assumptions 
and interpretations.”
“Very true. But times of change are upon us.” Rahdeas idly traced the scar running 
across his left eye. “The time has come, my child.”
Reaching over the table, Rahdeas gently grabbed my wrist, then clasped my hand in 
his. “Are there any doubts or hesitations clouding your mind?”
“None… Father.” The word felt foreign to me. I had never said it aloud, despite always 
thinking of him that way. But I knew I would regret it if I didn’t say it before my time 
came to an end.
The corners of Rahdeas’s eyes crinkled in a gentle smile as he held my hand firmly.
“Good, good. My only regret is that you won’t be here to see the triumph of our people. 
If only you had been bound to me instead of that asura.”
I shook my head. “There are some things we cannot change. But there is one thing I 
want you to know.”
“What is it?”
“I know your ambitions for our people, but that is not why I am doing this. Our people 
were the ones who scorned me and beat me while I was on the streets. I just want you 
to know that the reason I can do all this, without hesitation, is because it is what you 
desire.”
Closing his eye, Rahdeas nodded slowly. “Good child. Very good.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I sat down at the edge of my bed, removing the pin that held my hair up. My bond let 
out a soft grunt of acknowledgment before falling back asleep, leaving me to the silent 
peace of the night.
Tess’s voice echoed in my head, her words conflicting with my priorities.
“To tell you that I love you again,” I repeated softly to myself. There were only a few 
things I truly wanted in this lifetime. Not fame, power, or wealth; I’d had that and more 
during my previous life. What I wanted—the reason I was fighting this war—was 
something I hadn’t been able to do as Grey: simply to grow old with my loved ones. 
For that, I was willing to go up against any enemies, asuras or not.
But I had trouble fighting the temptation to throw everything away. There were times 
I wanted to just escape to the edge of the Beast Glades with Tess and my family.
Selfishness made me question my every move.
This isn’t your war, Arthur.
Your legs are near-crippled and you have scars all over your body; haven’t you done 
enough?
You’re fighting for your people again. You did that in your last life, and look where it got 
you.
I realized why I was constantly pushing Tess away, giving her excuses or roundabout 
answers for a later date.
I was afraid.
I was afraid that if I let her in, my selfishness would become uncontrollable—that I 
would throw away Dicathen to save the few I truly loved.
Time trickled by while I was lost in my thoughts and before I knew it, the rising sun, 
still hidden by the clouds below, had painted the skyline a vibrant orange.
Removing the luxurious attire I had worn to the event last night, I slipped into a 
comfortable shirt and vest. I tucked the ends of my pants into my boots before draping 
a thick cloak over my shoulders. “It’s time to go, Sylv.”
Sylvie’s bright yellow eyes fluttered open. Hopping off the bed, she came to stand 
beside me, watching me as I carefully applied the special paste to hide the large scar 
on my neck. ‘I’m ready.’
Before heading downstairs, I stopped by my sister’s room and knocked on her door. 
“Ellie, it’s your brother.”
The door slid open, revealing my sister in mid-yawn, her hair frizzy on one side and 
flat on the other. Behind her, lying on his belly beside the bed, was Boo. He peeked at 
us with one eye before going back to sleep. “Brother? What’s wro—”
She stopped in mid-sentence, staring at my clothes. “You’re leaving again? Already?”
I forced a smile that didn’t quite reach my eyes. “I’ll be back soon.” I pulled my sister 
into my arms.
“You don’t have to come back soon, just come back alive.” She squeezed me tight before 
pulling away, then kneeled down and hugged Sylvie. My sister smiled widely but tears 
had already begun welling up in the corners of her eyes.
I tousled her nest of ash-brown hair. “I promise.”
I made my way down the stairs with Sylvie, and we were greeted by a chirpy Mica and 
stern-faced Olfred at the front of the corridor leading to the teleportation room.
The gruff, elderly dwarf, who came up to my shoulders despite his ramrod straight 
posture, immediately turned away from me and headed down the hall. “We’ll be 
traveling by flight rather than through the gates,” he said over his shoulder.
General Mica, on the other hand, strolled leisurely by my side. By the smile on her 
small, creamy face, one might have thought she was on her way to a picnic.
“Mica’s excited to finally go on a mission with you,” she said as we trailed behind 
General Olfred. “The other Lances talk about you, although not all of it is good.”
“Do you always refer to yourself in the third person?” I asked.
“Most of the time; why? Is it making you fall for Mica?” She winked. “Mica may look 
like this, but Mica’s a little too old for you.”
“What a shame,” I said, unable to keep the sarcasm from leaking into my voice.
“Let’s hurry,” General Olfred barked as the soldiers standing guard in front of the 
landing room swung the doors open. “Time spent on this journey means time spent 
away from the battles already in progress.”
The artificers and workers inside dropped what they were doing and saluted upon 
our arrival. One person, however, walked toward us with an innocent smile.
“Elder Rahdeas,” General Olfred greeted him, bowing deeply while Mica and I simply 
dipped our heads.
“Lances.” Rahdeas’s smile deepened, the scar running through his left eye curving. 
“Excuse my intrusion; I merely wanted to send you all off in person.”
“It’s an honor,” General Olfred replied.
Rahdeas walked to me, staring at me silently. When he smiled at me, I couldn’t help 
but wish this person wasn’t a traitor—that I had suspected him wrongly.
I still regretted the fact that I wasn’t able to protect Elijah. The thought of indicting 
and, if my suspicions proved true, killing the man who had raised my friend as his own 
left a bitter taste in my mouth.
Rahdeas placed a large hand gently on my arm. “You must be fatigued from your 
previous battle. By the asuras, let’s hope your suspicions turn out to be false so you 
can hurry back and get some proper rest.”
While his expression and gesture seemed genuine, Rahdeas’s words seemed carefully 
chosen. Nonetheless, I replied with a smile. “Yes, let’s hope so.”
Maybe I am being too suspicious of him, I thought. He was Elijah’s caretaker, after all.
‘While that may be the case, you shouldn’t factor that so heavily in regards to your 
suspicions now,’ Sylvie advised.
Rahdeas released my arm, then gave one more meaningful nod to his Lances before 
stepping out of our path.
Olfred led the way to the portal on the other side of the large room. “We’re ready to 
depart. Don’t fly beneath the clouds.”
“Will your bond be fast enough to keep up with Mica and Olfred?” Mica asked.
The prideful Sylvie, with a contemptuous snort, chose that moment to transform into 
a full-sized dragon. The floors of the castle trembled and the workers around us 
instinctively backed away, despite having seen my bond before.
“I’ll manage,” she rumbled as her long tail swept me off my feet and placed me on the 
base of her neck.
The wall in front of us, lowered by a drawbridge mechanism, leaned outward from the 
castle to create a large skydock.
I was nearly thrown off by the screeching winds that immediately buffeted Sylvie’s 
large body. The roof and the multiple terraces were protected by a transparent barrier 
of mana, but we were hit with the full force of the winds at an altitude of more than 
twenty thousand feet.
Our voices were lost in the wind, and General Olfred merely pointed in the direction 
we were supposed to head. Then he and Mica took off into the clouds.
I’ll never get tired of this view, I thought, looking out as the morning sun became more 
prominent, casting an ethereal glow on the clouds.
‘Agreed.’ Sylvie sucked in a deep breath before spreading out her wings. She let the 
wind carry her body off the dock, and we followed closely behind the others, not 
knowing what the outcome of this journey might be.
I spent the entirety of the first day on Sylvie’s back. Without a word muttered to either 
of the dwarven Lances, we traveled until night fell and my legs, already taxed from the 
hours of gripping tightly onto the base of my bond’s neck, could no longer take the 
strain of riding on bare scale, even with the protection of thick cloth and mana.
So, because of my limitations, we stopped for the night and made camp near the base 
of the Grand Mountains, just a few miles north of Valden City.
“Please, help yourself.” I held out a skewer of grilled fish toward Generals Mica and 
Olfred.
The childlike dwarven Lance happily accepted the charred freshwater fish, crunching 
through the bones as if they didn’t exist, but the older Lance merely shook his head.
“If you have enough energy to cook, perhaps we should leave soon,” he said, ignoring 
my courtesy. His eyes remained fixed on a book he had brought.
“Don’t mind him,” Mica said, her mouth still full of fish. “The old man doesn’t eat food 
given by anyone he doesn’t fully trust.”
I nodded, tossing the fish I had grilled for General Olfred to Sylvie. She snapped and 
the blackened fish disappeared inside her maw. My bond remained in her original 
draconic form, curled up at the edge of our small camp. With her black scales, Sylvie 
seemed to almost disappear despite her large frame—the only part of her that was 
visible were her bright, topaz eyes, which seemed to hover in the dark.
‘These small morsels do little more than get stuck between my teeth,’ Sylvie grumbled in 
my head.
I know, but you’ll have to make do with these for now. Besides, you can easily go for weeks 
without eating, I replied, helping myself to a skewered fish. The fish’s charred skin 
carried a smoky sweetness from the fire, filling my mouth with flavor despite the lack 
of seasoning.
‘Yes, but I eat for the flavor rather than the nutrients,’ she retorted.
Maybe you can find some mana beasts further north. We’re still too close to Valden.
The rest of the meal was quiet, except for the soft gurgle from the nearby stream, 
where I had caught the fish, and the occasional snap of a twig in the fire.
Olfred didn’t say a word after rejecting my fish. He leaned back against the earthen 
backrest he had erected, sitting almost as still as a statue as he read his leather-bound 
book. The only time he looked away from the book was when General Mica began 
humming as she combed through her short, curly hair.
I nearly spit out a mouthful of my fish at the look of sheer disgust on Olfred’s aged face 
as he regarded Mica, still humming the off-tune melody. Fortunately, General Mica was 
fairly quiet throughout the rest of the night, giving me time to refine my mana core.
Despite being at the mid silver core stage, I felt inadequate sitting there next to the 
other Lances. With Dawn’s Ballad damaged and my legs debilitated, I felt like I had 
taken a step back, even after the training at Epheotus. I was certain of one thing: I 
couldn’t afford to use Burst Step again if I wanted to retain the ability to walk.
After an hour of gathering mana from the atmosphere, refining it in my core, and 
repeating the process, I felt someone’s gaze on me.
I pried an eye open to see Mica just a few inches away from me, staring intently. Even 
Olfred had closed his book to observe.
“This is the first time Mica has felt something like this,” Mica whispered.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, glancing from one Lance to the other.
“Your refinement process,” Olfred answered, his eyes narrowed in thought. “Usually 
it’s not very apparent when someone refines their core—”
“But when you do it, it feels like Mica’s body is being pulled toward you!” Mica cut in 
excitedly.
“No one’s ever mentioned that,” I replied. “Is it maybe because I’m a quadraelemental?”
Mica gasped. “Quadra?”
“So that’s how you became a Lance at such a young age. I heard this being discussed 
once by the Council, but didn’t think it was actually the case,” Olfred whispered as if 
talking to himself.
“What’s it like being able to utilize so many elements?” Mica asked as she leaned in 
even closer, her large eyes practically sparkling.
‘Careful what you reveal,’ Sylvie advised from behind me without moving. She 
appeared to be still asleep.
I know, I thought back. “There are still some elements that I have a hard time grasping, 
like gravity, but for the most part, it’s a lot of practicing and always reflecting on what 
spell and element to use under specific conditions.”
“Right, right.” Mica nodded fervently. “Knowing so many spells is useless if you don’t 
know when to use them.”
“There must be elements you’re more comfortable using,” Olfred said.
I nodded. “There are.”
“Hey, shall Mica teach you how to manipulate gravity?”
I scooted back to avoid the smell of grilled fish on Mica’s breath. “I think it’s more of a 
practical issue than anything. There are times when I can use it, but it’s just not 
something I’m confident in.”
“It’s really easy, you know,” Mica insisted, holding out a palm. “You just have to imagine 
the world going up or down. Then you grab it in your hand and release!”
Unable to understand Mica’s incomprehensible explanation, I looked back to Olfred.
The old dwarf rolled his eyes. “You’d have an easier time learning from a pebble. Miss 
Earthborn comes from a long line of famous dwarven conjurers, but even among them, 
she’s considered a genius. She’s learned magic through intuition—she doesn’t even 
know the rudimentary concepts of mana manipulation.”
“Earthborn?” I repeated. “Where have I heard that name before?”
“Her ancestors founded Earthborn Institute,” he answered simply, going back to his 
book.
I stared at the childlike Lance in a daze. I knew that all the Lances had distinct 
strengths, but it had never occurred to me that this seemingly ditzy mage would be 
from such an influential family. Not much of dwarven history was taught or even 
written in Sapin, but Earthborn Institute still stood out as one of the main reasons 
dwarves were on par with the kingdom of Sapin, despite their smaller population and 
territory. Even after Xyrus Academy had begun accepting different races, many of the 
dwarven nobles still chose to send their children to Earthborn for their more specific 
disciplines and areas of study suited for dwarves.
“Mica’s amazing on top of being beautiful, right?” The small dwarf puffed out her chest.
General Olfred scoffed, his face hidden behind his book. “This again? I applaud your 
confidence, but if you’re so beautiful, why is it that you have no experience in 
relationships, even though you’re nearing fif—”
He couldn’t finish his sentence—he had to defend himself against a massive war axe 
that had seemingly appeared out of thin air. The ground beneath the old general split 
from the sheer force exerted by General Mica.
With an innocent smile that seemed to contain a ferocious demon inside, Mica swung 
her weapon down once more. “My, grumpy old Olfred is getting ahead of himself. You 
should know that the reason I have yet to invest in a man is that my tastes don’t run 
to standard dwarves.”
I scooted back closer to Sylvie, not wanting to be a part of this dispute.
‘I think I liked her more when she referred to herself in the third person,’ Sylvie admitted.
I wholeheartedly agree.
Olfred, who had instantly erected a shield of solidified earth above him to guard 
against his companion’s weapon, scoffed. “Please. The only reason you weren’t 
blatantly ostracized is because of your background. Perhaps you’ll find a human with 
a unique taste for little girls to sweep you off your feet.”
The force of gravity increased around us, and I found it hard to breathe without the 
help of mana to strengthen my body. The fire had gone out, the wood that had been 
burning a few moments ago reduced to ash.
I stared at the two of them, dumbfounded at the sight of two Lances—the epitome of 
power in all of Dicathen—fighting like children.
Not wanting to get involved, but equally unsure how far the pair would take their 
scuffle, I said, “We’ll attract attention if you two keep this up.”
Ignoring me, General Mica swung her giant axe once more, but rather than cleave the 
stone golem that General Olfred had conjured, her axe obliterated it, turning it into 
pebbles. “I don’t see you with a lover in your arms, Oldfred!”
“The fact that you were able to become a Lance despite your childish antics never 
ceases to amaze me,” Olfred grunted as he erected another golem, this time much 
larger.
Feeling like an academy trainer breaking up a couple overexcited recruits, I gathered 
water particles from the nearby trees and hosed the dwarves down until they were 
both dripping wet.
They whipped their heads around at me, eyes glaring.
“Are you guys done or do you want to level a mountain while you’re at it?”
Mica clicked her tongue. “It’s Oldfred’s fault, bringing up a lady’s age.”
“Those born sipping milk from silver goblets need to be educated about their 
ignorance,” Olfred muttered.
Fighting the urge to roll my eyes, I watched as they each retreated to their own corner 
of the camp. With a single stomp of her tiny foot, General Mica erected a cottage from 
the ground. Almost large enough to fit Sylvie, the stone house even had textured walls, 
and came equipped with a chimney that soon began puffing smoke.
General Olfred, on the other hand, chose to build his lair within the side of the cliff just 
a few feet away from our camp. The earthen cliffside in front of him glowed a deep red 
and began melting to form a pool of molten rock. A large area hollowed out almost 
immediately, and I was able to catch a glimpse of the detailed stone furniture inside 
before the Lance closed the gaping entrance without even glancing back.
“Very covert,” I muttered helplessly. Then I turned back and crawled underneath one 
of Sylvie’s black wings, using it as a makeshift tent.
‘You might be more comfortable conjuring a tent as well,’ Sylvie suggested.
I’ll feel safer here in case they decide to do something while I sleep, I replied sluggishly.
I drifted in and out of consciousness as scenes from my past life flashed through my 
mind, interspersed with the peaceful moments of slumber. Memories I wanted to 
forget resurfaced like worms on a rainy day.
After the night Headmaster Wilbeck was murdered, my goals had changed. Despite 
both Nico and Cecilia trying to convince me to go to school, I had no intention of trying 
to be a normal boy like the headmaster had wanted me to be. I hated myself for being 
unable to protect her—the woman who had raised me like a mother when every other 
adult had regarded me as a pest or burden. She had taken me in, wanting nothing in 
return except my happiness—and for a time, I thought I had found it.
During that short period in my life, with Nico and Cecilia by my side in the orphanage 
and Headmaster Wilbeck to watch out for us and scold us, I was as happy as any 
normal child. She had no sins—she did nothing wrong. The headmaster was the type 
of person to give up her own lunch to a homeless man on the street, yet life had repaid 
her kindness with a horrible and bloody death.
The orphanage was left in the charge of another headmaster; after a few months, the 
other kids carried on like nothing had ever happened.
Not me, though. I had become obsessed with finding out who had sent those killers 
after me and Nico and Cecilia—who had killed Headmaster Wilbeck.
Nico’s words rang clearly. “What are you even going to do once you find them? You’re 
going to take them out all on your own? With your ability?”
That was when I realized I had to get stronger. Withdrawing my application to the 
school, I enrolled in one of the military institutes, where they trained candidates for 
the army.
Both Nico and Cecilia tried to talk me out of it. They urged me to give the school a 
chance to break me free of my obsession. Looking back on it, I wished I had listened 
to them then. My life would’ve been much less painful and lonely if I had.
But the thing I regretted even more than rejecting their advice was allowing them to 
follow me into the training institute. I had advised them against it at the time, but if I 
had only tried harder—pushed them further away from me—perhaps my life 
would’ve been the only one affected.
‘Arthur. We should depart before the sun rises.’ My bond’s voice rang gently, but I still 
woke up with a gasp.
‘You were having nightmares of your past life again,’ she stated.
You know about those? I asked, sitting up.
‘Yes. Although they come in flashes, I’m able to make them out. You seem to be getting 
them more frequently,’ she answered, concerned.
I’m sure it’s nothing, I replied, crawling out from underneath Sylvie’s wing.
‘I certainly hope that’s the case,’ she said dubiously.
I responded with a smile, drawing our mental conversation to an end.
“We’ll shoot for reaching the northern coast by the end of the day,” Olfred announced. 
He was destroying the stone shelters he and Mica had conjured, while Mica was 
covering up our camp in case adventurers or hunters strayed too close.
My suspicions of the two Lances’ involvement in the betrayal of Dicathen had lessened 
after their behavior last night, but I remained cautious. Conjuring a small gust of wind, 
I helped the two cover our tracks, and we were back on our way.
A haze of magenta and orange spread throughout the horizon, giving life to the 
tranquil ocean in the distance. Sylvie and I plummeted toward the edge of the Grand 
Mountains. The darkened figures of Mica and Olfred cast shadows over us as they 
levitated down above us, preparing to catch me when Sylvie transformed into her foxlike form.
We were still several miles away from the northern coast, but we couldn’t risk flying 
any closer. Assuming the worst, a Scythe might be able to sense substantial mana 
fluctuations even from this distance.
Sylvie latched onto me as soon as she shrank. At the same time, I reached out, grabbing 
Mica’s outstretched hand. We slowly descended, close enough to the massive 
mountain range to avoid any unwanted attention. While I would have been able to 
land on my own easily enough, even from this height, I’d likely have flattened the trees 
nearby and perhaps even cratered the ground from the sheer force I’d have had to use 
to stop myself. As reluctant as I was to admit it, it was much simpler to just rely on the 
Lance to carry me down.
“That’s a pretty bad scar you have on your hand,” Mica remarked, her voice barely 
audible over the wind.
“It’s an old wound.” I cracked a smile. I had made sure to hide the scar on my throat 
with the concealing bandage, but the scar on my left hand was of little concern to 
people who didn’t know me well.
The small Lance nodded, her grip around my arm growing tighter despite her delicatelooking fingers.
We landed at the base of the Grand Mountains, on a field of dry grass and boulders. 
The frigid winds whistled around us.
“Mana should be kept to a minimum from this point on,” Olfred said as he scanned our 
surroundings for anyone nearby.
I nodded in agreement. With Mirage Walk, I was able to use mana without risk of 
detection, but that was information better kept to myself.
“I assume you have a plan for finding the retainer and Scythe in question?” the gruff 
Lance asked.
“Somewhat.” I took out the white mask I had gotten when I first became an adventurer, 
and the black coat made from the fur of a nightmare fox. I had worn it along with the 
mask, since it had the subtle ability to cast one’s focus away from the wearer. After 
putting the coat on over my clothes, I fished out a thick cloak from my dimension ring, 
dropped it on the ground, and stepped on it. After it was thoroughly soiled with dirt 
and grime, I picked it back up and threw it over my shoulders.
Olfred studied my black coat with a curious gaze. “An intriguing effect. Were you once 
an assassin or thief?”
“No,” I chuckled, looking down at my outfit. “I just didn’t want to stand out.”
With a dismissive nod, he took out his own lavish cloak of rich mana beast fur. Mica 
began to do the same, but I waved for her to wait.
Without saying a word, I took a second cloak from my ring and walked over to Mica. 
Dropping it on the ground, I stepped on it as well, staining the brown cloak with dirt 
and grass, then handed it to the small Lance. “Wear this instead.”
“You just dropped it and stepped on it!” Mica exclaimed, flabbergasted.
“Yes, that’s sort of the point. The two of us are going to be Olfred’s slaves,” I said, 
indicating my own dirty cloak.
“Why can’t Mica be the master?” she huffed, holding my spare cloak between two 
fingers.
“Because you have the appearance of a middle-schooler,” I answered bluntly with an 
innocent smile. Olfred grunted out a small laugh as he clasped his fur cloak around his 
neck.
Glaring daggers at her cohort, Mica reluctantly put her lavish cloak back into her ring 
and put on the dirty one I had given her.
“Sorry. This is a safety measure,” I said. Bending down, I dipped my finger into a muddy 
patch of dirt.
“No, please,” Mica begged, protecting her face with the hood of her cloak.
“We’re slaves who have been traveling a fair distance. It’s only natural that we would 
be dirty, and it’s a good way to get by unnoticed.” Without waiting for her consent, I 
pulled off her hood and smeared the moist dirt on her face before doing the same to 
myself.
I dipped my head down and tousled my long hair until it became disheveled and 
covered most of my face. After pulling up the hood of my cloak, I handed my white 
mask to Olfred. “Wear this along with your cloak—if anyone asks, it’s to hide a 
gruesome scar.”
Olfred nodded, accepting the mask. As he slid it on over his face and propped up his 
hood, I couldn’t help but be reminded of my time as an adventurer under the guise of 
Note.
The blue streak running down to the right eyehole of the mask had faded over the 
years, but Olfred was about as tall as I had been when I was an adventurer. Seeing him 
in the mask and cloak really brought back memories.
“It fits well,” Olfred said, his voice sounding deeper—an effect of the mask. “Oh? It has 
this sort of function as well.”
“Mica wants to go home,” the small dwarf sulked, her youthful face caked with dried 
mud. Her short hair poked out in messy curls from under the hood of the dirty, tattered 
cloak.
How’s my disguise? I asked my bond, turning to face her.
‘It’ll have to do, although it worries me to think what would happen if someone looked 
too closely.’ Her small feline head nodded in approval.
Why does that sound more like an insult than a compliment?
‘It’s a bit of both,’ she said, her teasing laughter filling my mind as she hopped inside 
my cloak; she needed to be hidden from view since I was posing as a slave.
“You’re positive no one will suspect us?” Olfred’s deep voice rumbled from behind the 
mask.
“No one’s going to be out looking for Lances, and there are quite a few adventurers 
that like to use masks,” I replied, trailing next to Mica behind our temporary master. 
“Besides, there’s an old saying that the best place to hide is in plain sight. Who’s going 
to suspect a noble and his two slaves who were raided by bandits on their way up 
north to escape the battles?”
“While you do make a point, I’ve never heard such a saying. Perhaps it’s used only by 
humans?” Olfred asked.
“Something like that,” I replied, remembering now that I had learned it in my previous 
life.
We trudged for hours, silently. I constantly used Mirage Walk to strengthen my legs 
with mana while hiding the fluctuations, satisfied that not even Mica and Olfred were 
able to notice.
In my head, Sylvie and I went over the plan that Virion and I had come up with. 
Assuming that both Olfred and Mica were traitors, I didn’t know what they planned 
on doing to me. Worst case was them killing me as soon as they had the chance; 
another possibility was that they would take me to the Vritra.
Whatever the case, the two dwarves wouldn’t attack me so brazenly with Sylvie 
around. Even if they were able to overpower us, it would be a hard fight and would 
attract attention even in the most remote areas. If I were them, I’d lead us to the 
retainer or Scythe in order to swiftly capture or dispose of us.
In order to make sure that the Lances, assuming that they were traitors, led us to their 
backup, I only had to intentionally act like I couldn’t find the enemy force myself.
With Realmheart, I could make use of the visible mana fluctuations to find the Vritra’s 
base. After a few days of leading them in the wrong direction, they would either give 
up and want to head back—which would prove my suspicions wrong—or they would 
provide me with suggestions or hints to lead Sylvie and me to our demise.
‘Your plan rests on a lot of assumptions,’ my bond noted, shuffling inside the pocket of 
my cloak. ‘What if they forcibly take you to the Vritra?’
I highly doubt they’d want to reveal their position. You can’t get much better than having 
one of the council members as a spy. Which is why it’s safe to assume that they’ll try to 
avoid suspicion until they’re sure they can get rid of us without drawing attention.
‘So we’ll just run away if it seems like they’re trying to lead us to them?’ Sylvie asked, her 
tone doubtful.
The best case scenario is that we find the location of the Vritra’s base and head back 
without fighting Olfred and Mica, I responded, following closely behind the masked 
noble posing as my master. But just in case, Virion sent another Lance behind us.
Sylvie didn’t answer, but a wave of surprise flooded my mind.
You can’t sense her at all, can you?
‘No, I can’t,’ she admitted. ‘Is it the elven Lance?’
Mm-hm. She was given the code name ‘Phantasm’ because of her ability to deceive and 
hide from opponents.
‘An assassin,’ Sylvie noted.
The two of us continued conversing mentally, making time pass more quickly as we 
trekked through the rugged plains.
Along the way, I activated Realmheart in brief increments, trying to catch any 
fluctuations of mana around us. I had to be careful to not let the two Lances see how 
my eyes changed from blue to light lavender, but my hood and long bangs helped me 
hide it.
As we continued our journey northwest, trees became more abundant as the plains 
slowly shifted into acres of woodland. I used Mana Rotation, the skill I’d learned from 
Sylvia, to constantly replenish my mana supply, and Mirage Walk to conceal the mana 
fluctuations around me caused by my use of magic. As a result, the time I spent walking 
had become a sort of training.
“We’ve made it,” Mica pointed out as we finally reached the main road. The dirt trail 
was wide enough to accommodate two carriages with ample space in between, and 
though there were wheel tracks from use, there seemed to be no carriages in sight.
“Where to now, boy?” Olfred’s deepened voice rang.
“We follow the road to the nearest town,” I answered.
“More walking?” Mica groaned in protest.
“The closest town isn’t too far off,” I comforted her.
Mica and I kept our heads low as we followed behind Olfred on the side of the trail. 
After a while, I heard the faint clack of hooves and wooden wheels.
The other Lances perked up less than a second later, picking up on the sound as well. 
The three of us stopped and waited for the carriage to appear in our line of sight. 
Pulled by two brown horses, one speckled near its muzzle, the wooden carriage was 
driven by an older gentleman in green and brown traveling garb. A young man, 
seeming not much older than me, rode next to him.
As they got closer, it was apparent how malnourished the horses were. Their ribcages 
were clearly pronounced, while their coats and manes had lost all their luster.
Olfred waved his arms at the approaching carriage. “Hello there!”
With a swift pull of the reins, the driver brought the horses and carriage to a dusty 
halt.
“You lost?” the older man barked, his eyes scanning Olfred’s garb, while the younger 
one eyed Mica and me suspiciously.
“My slaves and I were on our way north when our carriage was attacked by bandits,” 
Olfred explained, his voice steady while he dramatically told the tale of woe. “They slit 
my horses’ throats and tried to rob us. Luckily my slaves were able to fight off the 
bandits.”
“These two munchkins?’ The older man’s eyes narrowed.
Olfred shook his head. “No, no. Different slaves, but unfortunately they didn’t last long 
after the fight. Infection of the wounds.”
“Mmm. And the mask?” the driver asked with a raised brow. He and the younger man 
both gripped the hilts of the daggers sheathed at their waists. By their awkwardly 
placed hands, it seemed that their weapons were mostly for intimidation.
“My father insisted I hide my identity in these dangerous times,” Olfred answered with 
a weak laugh. He held up his hands in submission, having noticed the weapons as well.
“Dangerous times indeed, as you’ve already experienced.” The older man loosened his 
grip on the weapon. “Fighting slaves are hard to come by and even harder to afford 
since the war started. Pity for your loss.”
“A great loss,” Olfred agreed.
“Well, times are hard for all of us. I’m not sure my horses can handle the weight of 
more people.” The old man ran his fingers through his scraggly beard and coughed.
“Naturally, you’ll be compensated,” Olfred replied calmly. He dug into his fur cloak and 
pulled out two silver coins.
The younger man reached out and grabbed the silver coins, turning them slowly in the 
light as he examined their quality before nodding to the driver.
“Hop on then,” the older man said, motioning to Olfred. “But your slaves will have to 
walk.”
“Of course,” Olfred said without hesitation.
I caught a glimpse of Mica’s devastated expression before she lowered her head again. 
Without saying a word, I pulled her back and waited for the carriage to resume 
moving, then followed after it with her.
“Mica is going to kill that old man,” Mica muttered, her face hidden beneath her hood.
“Just bear it for a little longer. The next town is only an hour away.”
“You’re familiar with this rural countryside?” Mica asked.
“Of course,” I said softly. “It’s where my hometown is, after all.”
The flickering fires of street lights glowed in the nearby distance, a sight for sore eyes 
after hours of nonstop walking. This was the first time I had come back to Ashber, the 
small town where I was born, in more than ten years.
“Mica is ready for a nice cold mug of ale,” the general whispered, licking her dry, 
cracked lips.
I nodded wordlessly, keeping my pace brisk to match the speed of the carriage we 
were behind.
“Just out of curiosity, sir, how many slaves do you own?” the younger man asked 
eagerly, his narrow eyes shifting between Olfred and me.
“I never counted,” Olfred answered with a shrug. “We have many at home, some owned 
by myself and others by my family.”
“Wow.” The younger man sighed. “If you have so many, how about you leave those two 
with us—ouch!”
The older man had leaned back in his seat and smacked the boy upside the head. “Are 
you hollow in the head? Who in their right mind would just give away their slaves?”
The boy rubbed his head and neatened his dirty blond hair. “I was just asking, old man. 
Sheesh!”
“Sorry about my boy. I’ve had to raise him on my own after his mother ran off, and 
manners weren’t always a priority on my list of things to teach him.”
“No offense taken,” Olfred said, obviously enjoying playing his role as master. “In other 
circumstances, I might have considered leaving them with you once I’d reached my 
destination, but these two offer at least a bit of security in these chaotic times.”
The boy clicked his tongue. “Unlucky.”
Something about the two men wasn’t sitting right with me. Aside from the fact that 
there were no other carriages on the road, even this close to town, there was no 
luggage on their carriage either. Their only weapons seemed to be the knives buckled 
to their waists, which provided barely any protection.
They had seemed reasonably suspicious upon first contact, but they’d opened up too 
easily, as if waiting for a reason to trust us. My guard had been up, but we were almost 
in Ashber and nothing seemed amiss.
“Well, here we are,” the bearded driver announced, pulling on the reins to halt the 
carriage. “We’re passing through this town so it’d be best if you walk from here.”
“You’ll be traveling through the night?” Olfred asked, skepticism lacing his voice.
“We’re in a hurry to reach a small outpost about an hour away,” the blond-haired boy 
answered with a laugh, releasing the latch in the back to let Olfred out.
“Well, regardless, thank you for the ride.” Olfred handed the boy another silver coin 
before hopping off the carriage.
The driver gave Olfred a wave before snapping the reins. With an annoyed grunt, the 
two horses started trotting, pulling the carriage onto a narrower dirt road that veered 
off to the left.
“They need to work on their acting skills,” Olfred said, shaking his head as we began 
walking.
“So it wasn’t just me,” I replied.
“Whatever. As long as there’s alcohol and a cozy bed, Mica will be happy.”
As we headed into town, I was unnerved to notice how empty the streets were. One 
thing I remembered about Ashber was how lively it had been for such a small town. 
Adventurers were scarce this far north, but the small river flowing near the town made 
the area a great place to raise crops. After the death of Lensa, my father had brought 
my mother to this remote town and taken a job here, guarding farmers and their crops 
against the frequent wolves and stray mana beasts that came from the Grand 
Mountains. With farmers waking up early to tend to their crops, and afternoons spent 
either selling on the market streets or frequenting merchants, nighttime was when 
everyone found the time to unwind and have fun.
My father would oftentimes come home tripping over his own feet after drinking at 
night with the local farmers. I had expected some changes as a result of the war, but 
I’d never expected Ashber to be a ghost town.
The few street lamps scattered around were burning brightly, but there were no signs 
of people going about their daily business. I sensed someone in the alleyway, his 
features hidden by shadows, but after a moment, the person scurried off, his 
unrhythmic footsteps growing fainter until we heard no sounds other than our own 
breathing.
We glanced at one another, but remained quiet. Looking around, I saw that most of the 
buildings were either vacant or barred. Wooden planks were nailed over windows, 
while chains held together the front entrance of a store.
I activated Realmheart to sense for mana fluctuations, not expecting much, but 
immediately I could see the distortions in the atmospheric mana all over the town. 
There had been mages here recently.
“I sense people scattered around, but there seems to be a congregation of forty or so 
just a few blocks away,” Olfred grunted.
“Mica sensed forty-three,” the little Lance muttered beside me.
“I thought we agreed not to use magic,” I said irritably. “What if there are Alacryan 
mages or Vritra nearby who pick up on it?”
“Mana wasn’t needed to sense them,” Olfred replied cryptically.
What? I almost said aloud. If they were able to sense people this accurately, my whole 
plan could be compromised.
“That’s good,” I lied. “Looks like we’ll be able to find the Alacryans’ hideout sooner 
than I’d expected.”
“It’ll probably still take some time. Mica can only sense people within a short distance, 
and even then it’s sort of fuzzy. Same goes for Olfred,” Mica explained.
“You’re both talking too much for slaves,” Olfred snapped, then dropped his voice to a 
whisper. “Just because we can’t use magic does not mean our enemies are bound by 
the same handicap. Assume our voices will always be heard.”
I knew no one was nearby—at least no one who was manipulating mana—and so 
should Olfred. I suspected he just wanted Mica to stop talking about their limitations, 
but the elderly dwarf did have a point. I nodded, following a few steps behind Olfred 
with Mica quietly simmering in frustration beside me.
When we turned a corner, after passing a particularly tall, worn-down building, I knew 
exactly where the “congregation” Olfred and Mica had mentioned was.
Clouds of smoke puffed from the chimney of what seemed like a tavern. The large 
shack had a crooked roof with missing tiles, but of all the other tattered edifices and 
hovels nearby, it was the only place with light coming from inside.
We approached with little hesitation, driven by the thought of a nice, well-seasoned 
meal and a plush bed.
‘I smell meat being grilled,’ Sylvie said as we got closer, rustling impatiently inside my 
cloak.
Olfred paused at the doorway, and the three of us exchanged glances before he opened 
the splintered wooden door. I hungrily breathed in the pungent smell of alcohol, 
smoke, and a variety of indiscernible foods and spices. The clamor of a dozen 
conversations, all trying to overwhelm one another, resounded throughout the large 
tavern accompanied by the sounds of glasses clinking and palms pounding.
The people—mostly men—who were seated at the tables closest to the door all turned 
to face us. Some had flushed cheeks, others showed irritated scowls.
“Do we wait to be seated?” Olfred asked.
“You’re responsible for finding your own seat in establishments like this,” I said, 
pulling my hood down to cover more of my face.
I grabbed Mica’s wrist and followed Olfred as he weaved through the customers and 
tables. It was impossible not to notice the glares as we passed by. A burly man with 
long, tangled hair purposely leaned back, hoping to bump into one of us as an excuse 
to start a commotion.
“Never mind. It’s only forty-two,” Mica said. She pointed to a fanged hound standing 
next to its barrel-chested owner, drool leaking out of its flat muzzle.
I raised a brow. “What?”
“Forty-two people, not forty-three like Mica said earlier. Mica mistook that mana beast 
for two people,” she explained.
“Ah, got it,” I replied.
Winding through the maze of people, I listened for any bits of conversation that might 
alleviate my suspicions about this place. I was able to pick up part of one table’s 
dialogue amidst the clamor: “…were able to reel in some fish tonight.”
While the toned man, who had several missing teeth, could have simply been talking 
about catching trout for dinner, the suspicious glances of the people at his table told 
me that their conversation wasn’t so innocent.
Finally, we seated ourselves around a wobbly table in the far corner of the tavern, next 
to the bathroom. A vile stench—caused by the absence of proper plumbing—
assaulted my nose, and every trace of the appetite I had built up vanished.
“What’ll it be for you tonight?” the barmaid asked, nonchalantly tugging on her dirty 
gown to further expose her breasts. She leaned down on the table next to Olfred, 
blatantly inviting him to feast his eyes on her cleavage, while she herself scanned his 
fine cloak. Mica and I apparently didn’t exist to her. She swayed coquettishly next to 
Olfred, waiting for him to order.
“Three mugs of cold ale and whatever stew you have tonight, along with some bread,” 
Olfred said, unfazed by her attempts at wooing him.
“Right away,” she cooed as she lightly ran a finger up his arm. Whether she was making 
another attempt at seducing him or gauging the quality of his cloak, I didn’t know, but 
I could tell she wasn’t the only one who had noticed Olfred’s potential worth.
“Ugh. What’s the point of showing off those lumps of fat anyway?” Mica mumbled, 
disgusted.
“For once, we agree on something,” Olfred said with a nod. “A woman should have a 
firm and muscular build, and the coarse skin to match.”
I opted to stay out of the conversation, instead scanning the room from under the 
cover my hood. With Realmheart activated once more, I could tell that magic had been 
used, and not that long ago.
A distorted aura of mana surrounded a particularly large table along the opposite wall. 
A robed, middle-aged man seemed out of place amongst the others. Unlike his 
companions, he was neatly groomed, and his beady eyes flickered lewdly at the 
scantily-dressed barmaids on either side of him, who were taking turns feeding him 
fruits and ale. With his thin arms, hollow cheeks, and receding hairline, I doubted the 
servers were cozying up to him because of his dashing good looks.
Considering how loudly and haughtily he spoke, and the way his peers laughed and 
nodded at whatever came out of his mouth, there was no doubt the beady-eyed man 
was important—perhaps even in control. By the way the particles gathered around 
him, it seemed he had conjured a layer of mana to strengthen and protect himself.
And he wasn’t the only one. With just a cursory glance, I spotted a few augmenters 
who were expelling a thin layer of mana over their skin for protection. However, the 
density and purity of the mana encompassing their bodies was at a level far lower than 
the Alacryan soldiers I had faced near the southwestern coast. If I had to guess, these
were either mercenaries or lower-tier adventurers. The thin man, his arms currently 
around two scantily clad barmaids, was at a far higher level than the others, however.
But that wasn’t what bothered me. It wasn’t the subtle air of hostility in the tavern or 
the suspicious number of mages present, either. I knew that man. Something about his 
beady, perverted gaze and his crooked face brought up bitter emotions, but I couldn’t 
place my finger on why.
‘What’s going on?’ Sylvie asked, noticing my concern.
Sylvie, take a quick peek at the table to my left on the other side of the tavern. Do you 
recognize anyone?
My bond rustled inside my cloak, then her small muzzle popped out. Her intelligent 
eyes scanned the room, focusing on the area I had indicated. Then a blatant sense of 
distaste leaked out of her. ‘He’s that scoundrel who tried to use the king to forcibly take 
possession of me during the Helstea auction event. I believe his name was something 
like—’
As she spoke, the man got up and hobbled toward the bar, putting minimal weight on 
his left leg and using a wooden staff to keep his balance. As soon as I realized his injury, 
his name immediately flooded into my mind—along with the rest of my memories of 
him.
It’s Sebastian.
“What’s wrong?” Mica whispered, leaning in close and tilting her head down so only 
the bottom half of her face was visible. “Do you recognize someone?”
Shaking my head, I turned back to my table. “No one important.”
A different barmaid—this one much less affectionate—arrived with our order. She 
placed the three mugs of ale in front of Olfred, along with a single bowl of soup. A piece 
of bread was sloppily submerged inside the goopy liquid.
“Please bring two more bowls,” Olfred said as he slid two mugs across the table for me 
and Mica.
“There’s a stall a block down to feed your slaves,” she said with obvious distaste.
Ignoring her attitude, Olfred simply stirred the orange stew with the piece of bread. 
“It’s been a long journey. I’ll have them eat here tonight.”
I didn’t pay attention to her reaction, but she left wordlessly. My mind was focused on 
the cold mug of ale bubbling in front of me. I pressed the cool rim of the mug to my 
dry lips, relishing the slight burn down my esophagus as the carbonated liquid 
reached my stomach.
Damn, that feels good.
Mica finished almost her entire mug in one gulp. She shivered as she let out a blissful 
sigh. “Even this cheap ale tastes heavenly to Mica right now.”
I lifted my mug for another swig. Out of the corner of my eye, though, I spotted the 
same barmaid whispering to one of the men sitting at Sebastian’s table. She was 
pointing a finger toward us.
“Looks like we’ll be having guests,” I muttered to the other Lances as I set down my 
drink. Sylvie rustled deeper into my cloak, and I pulled the hood a bit further over my 
face, just in case.
Just a few moments later, a large man with a scraggly beard came to our table. With 
him was a short, portly woman wearing a condescending expression and clothing just 
as revealing as, if not more than, the barmaids.
The bearded man regarded me and Mica with a raised brow and an expectant gaze. I 
got up without a word, pulling Mica from her seat as well, and moved to stand behind 
Olfred while the newcomers took our chairs.
The woman, seeing the two half-empty mugs, snorted. “You really shouldn’t be 
spoiling your slaves like this. It makes them think they can act out.”
“How I treat my slaves is none of your business,” Olfred replied curtly, slipping another 
piece of bread underneath his mask. “Now what can I do for the two of you? I hope 
you can keep things succinct.”
“Succinct?” the man scoffed. The wooden backrest groaned in protest as he leaned 
back on the seat, but it held out. “Some fancy words you got there. You should be 
careful around these parts, especially if you’re traveling from the south.”
I could see them trying to size up Olfred. Mica could pass as a human child but I was 
worried that they might realize Olfred wasn’t human.
“Thank you for the advice,” Olfred responded, locking eyes with the two of them.
“We wanted to give you a warm welcome,” the woman said, leaning forward on her 
elbows.
“We came over after seeing the way you treated your slaves,” her companion 
continued, shooting a pointed gaze at Mica and me. “We have a whole stable of slaves 
for sale that I feel you’d be interested in.”
My jaw clenched at his words. I imagined a room full of children and adults alike, 
barely clothed and fed, kept only as commodities.
“I’ll have to politely decline,” the old Lance replied almost immediately.
“Don’t say that.” The portly woman slid to the edge of her seat to be closer to Olfred. 
“We’ve got a fine selection of women and girls if you’re not looking for a more practical 
slave.”
“We even have dwarves and elves,” the large man added, his cracked lips curling into 
a lewd grin.
There was a beat of silence before Olfred responded. “I thought interracial slavery had 
been banned since the formation of the Council?”
“That’s why it’ll cost you an arm and a leg if you want to buy one.” The man burst into 
hoarse laughter at what he considered his joke.
If the Lance was angry, he did a good job of hiding it. Mica, on the other hand, stirred 
beside me. I was able to sense the minuscule amount of mana leaking from her, but 
even that small amount was enough to fill me with unease. Not long after the union of 
the three races, the leaders of all three sides had made a collective effort to abolish 
slavery. However, getting rid of slavery in one fell swoop would not only have caused 
dissatisfaction amongst slave owners, but severely disrupted the economy by 
essentially eliminating a large portion of the kingdoms’ workforces. In order to 
remedy this, the Council had been working diligently to take a step-by-step approach: 
rewarding owners who freed their slaves, and heavily taxing those who kept them.
While slavery existed in all three kingdoms, there had always been high demand in 
Sapin for dwarven and particularly elven slaves. At least that’s what Vincent Helstea, 
the owner of the Helstea Auction House, had told me.
Olfred gently pushed the bowl of stew away. “On second thought, perhaps I am a little 
curious about what you have to offer.”
The woman inched a bit closer, her face contorted into something she probably 
considered coquettish. “I knew you’d be interested. I’ll let our boss know.”
“I would like to at least get settled into an inn somewhere nearby first,” Olfred said. 
“Our journey has been somewhat rough.”
The woman locked eyes with her companion, then gave a twitch of her head. With a 
nod, he waved a giant arm at an old man with a slight hunch, who had been idly drying 
glasses with a towel. “A room for the gent and his two slaves!”
The woman didn’t give Olfred a chance to object, leading him toward the back door 
with her bearded companion close behind. This time, the seated men and women in 
our way scooted their chairs, clearing a path as their gazes bore holes in us.
Before following the hunched elder into the back hall, I looked back once more at 
Sebastian. He was smiling in our direction, with a barmaid whispering something into 
his ear.
Once we walked deeper into the scarcely-lit hallway, much of the clamor from the 
tavern died down. Mica and I trailed behind Olfred silently while the masked Lance 
responded to the portly woman’s idle chatter.
“Here’s your room, sir. That’ll be two silvers.” The old man held out an empty palm; his 
other hand held a rusted key.
Two silvers? For a dingy room up here in Ashber? I couldn’t believe it. Two silvers was 
a reasonable price for a plot of land up here.
‘I’ve never had an interest in this continent’s currency, but even to me it sounds 
ridiculous,’ Sylvie responded incredulously.
Nevertheless, Olfred played his role of the weary naive noble and produced two 
glimmering coins from inside his cloak.
Without even a thank-you, the old man dropped the key into Olfred’s hand and 
tottered back to the tavern. The woman, on the other hand, seemed even more 
flirtatious after Olfred produced the coins, going as far as squeezing Olfred’s arm 
before she and her companion headed back.
“We’ll meet back at the tavern in an hour.” She shot Olfred a wink as she left.
Once the door was closed behind us, I slammed my fist against the wall. Since my fist 
wasn’t coated in mana, a jarring pain shot up my arm—but even that was welcome. 
The fact that I couldn’t do anything for those slaves and for my town… I deserved the 
worst.
Pushing down the boiling anger I felt in my gut, I scanned the room, which was no 
larger than the bathroom at my old house here in Ashber. There was one bed and a 
dresser squeezed in; even taking Mica’s small frame into account, she and I would have 
to sleep sitting up.
Mica pulled her hood off, then jumped on the bed, burying her face into the pillow 
before screaming in frustration.
“You did good holding back from those two,” I praised her, removing my cloak as well. 
“That woman, especially.”
Taking off his mask, Olfred replied, “Her charming appearance doesn’t make up for the 
fact that she has captured one of my own.”
I blinked, still unable to get used to the dwarves’ tastes.
“If not for this darn mission, Mica would’ve flattened this entire tavern!” Mica cried, 
her voice muffled by the pillow.
“My thoughts were the same,” Olfred replied. “Our circumstances, however, force us to 
be discreet.”
I turned to the older Lance. “Whether we decide to act, our mission takes priority. It’s 
no problem going with them to see these slaves, though—in fact, it gives us a better 
cover to look around.”
Olfred nodded in response as he unclipped his cloak and slung it over the wooden 
dresser.
I sat down at the foot of the bed. Sylvie fumed beside me.
Something on your mind?
‘I don’t understand why there is a high demand for slaves of different races. Is it because 
humans feel guilt for enslaving one of their own?’ my bond asked.
No. Sickeningly enough, a lot of noble families practiced interbreeding with their 
dwarven or elven slaves so their children would have better and a wider range of mage 
potential. Lucas Wykes was a product of that practice.
Sylvie didn’t reply, but through our bond, I could feel her anger spilling out; I didn’t 
blame her, though. When I’d first read about elves, I had thought of them as a mystical 
race with a high affinity for magic. That belief was further enforced by the fact that my 
stay in Elenoir had been mostly with the royal family. Thinking back to the time I had 
rescued Tessia from slave traders, I should’ve guessed that they either targeted 
children or weaker, unsuspecting adults.
The Council banned interracial slavery a few years ago, but it looks like it’s still going 
on.
‘What about the forest surrounding the elven kingdom? Isn’t it supposed to deter most 
beings other than elves and native animals?’
Yes. That’s why elven slaves are so rare. The traders not only need to be adept fighters, 
they need to have hounds capable of guiding them through Elshire Forest.
Contempt spilled from my bond. ‘To go to such lengths… ’
I came from a modest household; my parents would never have been able to afford a 
slave, even if they had wanted one. I hadn’t been exposed to the practice of keeping 
slaves when I was young, which is, perhaps, why I had grown to feel so strongly about 
the topic. The fact that this was happening in my hometown did more than just irritate 
me.
“If we can’t handle this directly, Mica is going to inform the Council of what’s going on 
here,” the small Lance said abruptly, bolting up on the bed.
I nodded, not bothering to turn to face the dwarf. “Sounds like a plan.”
The inn had one bathroom at the far end of the hall, and when Olfred left the room to 
use it, an unfamiliar man with a small dagger clipped to his waist escorted him there. 
Olfred said the man was nice enough, but it was obvious that a place like this didn’t 
offer concierge service. We were basically being held prisoner here.
An hour passed by in the blink of an eye. We decided it was best for Mica to stay behind 
in case she wasn’t able to control her temper. Despite her numerous complaints, the 
child-like Lance was out like a light as soon as her head hit her rolled-up cloak, which 
she was using as a makeshift pillow.
Olfred and I donned our disguises once more before opening our door. We had known 
there were people waiting just outside, so we remained casual.
“Had a good rest?” the portly woman asked, her voice a bit more slurred than when 
we had first spoken to her.
Judging by her companion’s flushed cheeks, they had been drinking while they waited 
for us.
“Come! Follow us, this way. Our leader wants to meet with you,” the woman said, 
cozying up to Olfred.
I remained silent and trailed behind my ‘master.’
Then the bearded man spoke. “Your smaller slave isn’t joining us?”
“She is unaccustomed to traveling such long distances,” Olfred answered, “so I decided 
to just let her sleep in the room.”
The bearded man’s lips curled up into a snide grin.
“Ah! But I bet she is accustomed to other things,” he said, nudging Olfred with his 
elbow.
I rolled my eyes. Does this ape have no sense of decency?
The muffled clamor of the tavern grew louder as we approached the entrance. The 
establishment was still busy, but the table closest to us was open, with only one person 
sitting at it.
Sebastian.
“Here they are, Leader,” the woman said. The slur in her voice had vanished.
Leader? I almost repeated it aloud, and glanced upward to get a better view of the 
balding conjurer.
I had no lingering resentment toward Sebastian. Even back then, when I was still a 
little boy in this world, I had seen him as greedy and shameless, but insignificant. The 
childlike desire he’d had for my bond—and the fact that he had used the king to try 
and ‘coerce’ me into giving her up—had annoyed me, but I’d never thought he’d be up 
here.
Even if he had been punished back then for his actions at the auction house, I doubted 
it would have been anything more than a warning. He was a noble; he shouldn’t have 
any interest in a remote town like Ashber.
“You may leave.” He dismissed them with a wave of his hand. Sebastian’s beady eyes 
inspected me and I could feel him probing for my mana core level. He wouldn’t be able 
to sense anything, of course. Even if I wasn’t at the white core stage yet, I was at a high 
enough level that his senses wouldn’t be able to detect traces of my mana. His gaze 
moved from my sternum up to my face, but upon seeing my disheveled hair and dirtstained skin, his focus turned to Olfred.
“It’s a pleasure,” Sebastian said with a wide, seemingly innocent smile. “Allow me to 
welcome you to my town.”
“Nice to meet you,” Olfred said with as much courtesy as he could muster. “My name 
is Cladence, from House—”
Sebastian held up a palm, interrupting the masked Lance. “Let me stop you right there. 
House names aren’t necessary in circumstances like this. I’ll simply refer you to as 
Cladence, and you can call me Sebastian.”
“Very well,” Olfred replied. “Sebastian.”
“Good.” The beady-eyed conjurer nodded in approval. “Now. Before we get down to 
business…”
Sebastian muttered a chant and waved his arm ostentatiously. After a few moments, a 
translucent shroud covered us, dampening the noise of the tavern. An obvious but not 
very impressive demonstration of wind-attribute magic. Still, I played my role as the 
naive slave and gasped in amazement.
The conjurer’s gaze shifted from me to Olfred, but upon seeing that his masked guest 
didn’t show any discernible awe at this demonstration, a ghost of a frown crossed 
Sebastian’s lips.
“It’s a little rowdy in here, and the folks present aren’t the most well-mannered,” he 
said, leaning forward for one of the mugs filled with beer in the center of the table. 
“Please excuse my subordinates’ behavior. Bothering you like that when you’d finally 
sat down to rest—I’ll have to reprimand them.”
Olfred reached forward, his large hand gripping the handle of the mug tightly. “It’s not 
a problem. Thank you for the hospitality here at the inn.”
“Hospitality?” The balding conjurer looked at the masked Lance incredulously. “You 
and I both know that this place is fit for nothing but mud hogs.”
Olfred chuckled, the sound hollow and humorless behind the mask, before taking a 
swig from his mug.
It was obvious that Sebastian was staring at Olfred’s head, trying to see what his face 
looked like underneath the mask.
“Is something the matter?” the dwarf said when he noticed.
Sebastian shrugged nonchalantly as he sipped from his own mug. “Just curious about 
the story behind your mask. I’ve seen adventurers wear them from time to time, but 
never nobles.”
Olfred scratched his head. “Is it so obvious that I’m a noble?”
“Well, it takes one to know one,” Sebastian said proudly.
“I figured,” Olfred nodded. “With your tidy appearance and magical prowess, you seem 
out of place here as well.”
Compared to the nasty men, most of whom were dressed in rags, Sebastian really did 
stand out in his richly-dyed doublet and hose.
Sebastian’s eyes twinkled in delight at Olfred’s flattery. “Indeed. I’d take offense if you 
had thought me the same as those imps.”
Olfred banged his mug back on the table. “I’d be a fool if I did.”
Their conversation continued in this vein, and it seemed the two of them had really 
hit it off. Whether Olfred was a very good actor or actually found Sebastian amiable, I 
wasn’t sure, but after a few more mugs of ale, Sebastian was a red, hiccupping mess. 
That was when his true personality came out.
“So… what kind of girl ar-are you looking for?” Sebastian asked, his eyes glazed.
“What makes you think I’m looking for a girl?” Olfred responded, one hand practically 
glued to a mug of alcohol.
The balding conjurer giggled drunkenly as he pointed a finger at the masked Lance. 
“Please. My subordinates told me how you practically lit up when they mentioned I 
had elves and dwarves in stock.”
Olfred paused for a moment, and I was almost afraid the Lance was going to say 
something he shouldn’t.
“And what if I am?” Olfred replied, his deep voice coming out slurred.
Sebastian held up both hands in a placating gesture. “I don’t judge. What’s the point of 
having money and power if you can’t splurge on what you want?”
“Exactly!” Olfred slammed his mug on the wooden table. “It’s because of all those 
damned entitled noble women looking down on me.”
Where is he going with this?
Leaning forward on the table, Olfred pointed at his mask. “Do you want to know the 
real reason I wear this stifling mask? It’s because I have scars all over my face from a 
house fire.”
“Oh, really now?” Sebastian asked, intrigued.
“And the worst thing is, that happened when I was still a teen. The injuries to my leg 
stunted my growth, so not only is my face disfigured, but now I’m a head shorter than 
even my own damned slave!” Olfred shot a finger at me as I stood there, puzzled.
Despite knowing Olfred’s true identity, his performance was so genuine that I had to 
wonder whether this incident had really happened.
‘He’s very believable,’ Sylvie commented, overhearing their conversation.
I’ll say.
“Tell me about it!” Sebastian finished off another mug of ale and set it down, then 
wiped the foam from his lips. “When I served the royal family, women rushed at the 
chance to get in bed with me. But once I was relieved of my position, those same 
tramps treated me like some sort of insect!”
“You served the royal family?” Olfred exclaimed. “Why did you retire?”
Sebastian gnashed his teeth, his knuckles turning white as he gripped the mug. 
“Because of that damned brat.”
“Brat? What brat?” Olfred asked.
The beady-eyed mage threw his mug on the ground, where it shattered upon impact. 
This drew wary gazes from the nearby tables. The noise from the tavern grew clearer; 
in his inebriated state, Sebastian wasn’t able to maintain the noise-dampening spell.
“I’m a dual-attribute conjurer, almost at the solid orange stage, yet the only respect I 
can get is from these dirty primitives!” he exclaimed, waving his arm around the tavern 
at the vile-looking men and the few women—who didn’t look much better.
Olfred raised his glass in the air. “Those shallow and wretched snakes! May they 
wrinkle and sag like the loose rags they are!”
Sebastian snorted gleefully as he laughed at the Lance’s toast. “I knew I’d found a good 
man when I saw you come in through those doors. Now let’s get you some brand new 
toys to play with!”
The two of them staggered out of the tavern. Sebastian was barely able to walk 
because of his limp—a souvenir of the broken leg I had given him when I was still a 
child.
“Hey, you. Come over here.” He gestured at me as he leaned against the wall of the 
tavern.
I silently obeyed, walking over to the intoxicated conjurer. He flung his arm around my 
shoulder, leaning heavily against me. “You don’t mind if I use your slave as a walking 
stick, do you, Cladence?”
“Of course not. That’s what slaves are for,” Olfred replied. I swallowed the evergrowing urge to break Sebastian’s other leg.
‘This man is really testing my patience,’ Sylvie said with a simmering anger that 
matched mine.
The three of us walked out of the tavern, the portly woman and the bearded man 
trailing closely behind. I practically had to carry the lanky conjurer as his limp leg 
dragged on the ground.
“You know… it took me months to be able to tolerate this tawdry outpost, but I don’t 
miss my old position,” Sebastian droned as we made our way down the dim streets of 
Ashber. “The people here, they do more than just respect me—they fear me. I’m a god 
to them.”
He patted my cheek condescendingly, peering into my hood and gazing at my face. 
“You saw my magic earlier, right? I can kill you with the snap of my fingers.”
Endure it, Arthur. Just for now.
When I didn’t respond, Sebastian struck my face a few more times, each slap getting a 
little stronger. “Are you deaf, or are you disrespecting me because of my leg?”
“Don’t mind him,” Olfred said, putting a hand on Sebastian’s shoulder. “The boy can’t 
speak.”
“Bah! Cladence, what’s the use of keeping damaged goods like him?” the balding 
conjurer spat. “How about I do you a favor and buy him off you? I have a few gents 
who have a thing for boys like him.”
“Tempting!” the Lance replied, stumbling on his own legs. “But he’s not mine. He’s my 
father’s, and the last time I pawned off one of his things, he cut off my allowance for a 
whole month.”
“S-See?” Sebastian hiccupped. “That’s the kind of thing I don’t miss. Family money is 
well and good, but it’s not truly yours. My wealth is my own. One hundred percent 
mine!”
Olfred nodded. “Truly enviable.”
We traveled toward the other end of town, through unnamed streets littered with 
worn-down hovels and alleyways filled with piles of garbage. All along the way, the 
drunk conjurer tripped countless times on the cracks and potholes that filled the 
neglected streets, and each time, he would loose a string of curses at me.
“You should thank the heavens you aren’t my slave. Something about you just pisses 
me off,” he spat. He glared at me through glossy eyes, unaware that if he had been 
sober and bothered to look carefully, he might’ve recognized who I was.
I could feel a violent fury building up, but it wasn’t mine. Sylvie, still hidden in the 
depths of my cloak, was on the verge of exploding by the time we finally arrived.
In front of us was a wide, single-story building of solid stone. At a cursory glance, the 
structure appeared to be more than two hundred feet across and several dozens of 
feet deep. Two guards sat lazily against the wall beside the front entrance.
I was sure no buildings this big had existed in Ashber when I lived here, which raised 
the questions: Did Sebastian have this built? And if he did, how many slaves had he 
captured that he required such a large prison?
The guards scrambled up to their feet, awkwardly saluting out of sync. “Sir!”
Their gazes flickered in suspicion between me, their boss who was leaning heavily 
against me, and the masked Olfred. One of the guards was already gripping the hilt of 
the crude machete-like sword that was strapped to his back.
“Open the damned doors, useless fools!” Sebastian barked. “We have a customer.”
“Yes, sir!” they answered—in sync, this time—before pulling apart the sliding metal 
doors.
I guess we’ll find out soon enough just how many slaves he’s holding here, I thought, and 
lugged Sebastian in through the entrance with Olfred just beside me.
The smell hit me first. A concoction of foul odors was amplified by the damp air, sticky 
from the lack of proper ventilation. Even Olfred recoiled visibly from the stench, but 
Sebastian merely waved his hands in front of his nose. There was little visible other 
than the flickering lights and the trapdoor on the ground a few yards to our right.
‘Something doesn’t feel right,’ Sylvie warned.
I feel it too—but then again, if you think about where we are, it’d be weird for it to seem 
normal, I replied, taking another step. My chest tightened and the hair on my skin 
stood on end, but I ignored my body’s protests. If I was going to come back and save 
the people held here, I had to know the layout and approximately how many were 
imprisoned.
“Did someone die in here again?” Sebastian said angrily.
A thin, scraggly man in a uniform of overalls and a dirty apron came running from one 
of the dimly-lit aisles. “Sir! My apologies for the smell. I was just cleaning up.”
Sebastian finally pried himself away from me, standing on his own with the help of the 
wooden cane that the portly woman had been carrying for him. “What’s happened?”
The beady-eyed conjurer began limping down the center aisle, checking on each of the 
prison cells. It was eerie how silent this place was. There were no wails of sorrow or 
cries for help. I studied every one of the slaves as I followed behind Sebastian with 
Olfred. Each one was clothed in rags, huddled in the far corner of their cell. When they 
looked over at us, I got shivers from the dark, vacant eyes they all shared.
Don’t look, I sent to Sylvie as she rustled up from inside my cloak.
‘It’s that bad,’ Sylvie replied, more as a statement than a question.
I gritted my teeth. They’re treated worse than livestock.
“It was one of the pregnant women,” the cleaner replied, putting down the mop he had 
been holding before following his boss. “She died giving birth.”
“The baby. Did it live?” Sebastian asked, unfazed.
“We’ll have to wait a few more days to know for sure, but it seems healthy as of now. 
It’s a girl.”
Sebastian nodded in approval. “Excellent. A newborn will be worth more than that 
tramp anyway.”
As the conjurer slowly hobbled through the aisles, I noticed the different reactions 
from each of the slaves. A few shivered uncontrollably as Sebastian passed by, while 
others glared spitefully; some just stared with distant, hollow gazes.
“The dwarves and elves are held further down, but”—Sebastian spun around to face 
Olfred, a lewd smirk on his thin, pasty face—“do you see anyone you’re just dying to 
get your hands on?”
Olfred raised a hand. “As a matter of fact…”
Before I could even react, the earth beneath Sebastian began enveloping him, covering 
his feet and creeping up his legs.
“Huh?” Sebastian blurted as he tried to pry himself from the rising earth.
I whipped my head toward Olfred. “What are you doing?”
The Lance remained silent as he continued his spell. It was slow, but he was doing it 
on purpose. I could see the conjurer grow wide-eyed with fear and confusion.
“What are you idiots doing? Get them!” The conjurer readied his wooden cane to fire 
at Olfred, but instead of a spell, he released a shrill scream of agony. The earth that had 
consumed his legs, and was continuing to rise up his body, began turning a dark red. 
A faint sizzle could be heard amidst his screams, and the smell of burning flesh 
reached my nose.
The spell Olfred had cast on Sebastian wasn’t just to trap him—it was to slowly torture 
him.
“Olfred!” I called, but to no avail. The janitor had scrambled as far away as possible 
from Sebastian; I could hear the footsteps of the two subordinates behind us.
“Damn it,” I hissed, spinning around just in time to catch the burly man’s arm before 
his dagger struck Olfred in the back. I doubted the feeble attempt would’ve done him 
any harm, but nevertheless, these two were problems.
“Out of the way!” the brute spat, swinging his other arm.
Without a moment’s hesitation, I drove a fist into the man’s arm. A sharp snap rang 
out and his hand fell limp by his side. The bearded man howled in pain, dropping his
dagger to cradle his broken arm.
I caught the rusty dagger as it fell, and swept my leg just below the portly woman’s 
knees. She crumpled to the floor, and before she could get back up, I drove her 
companion’s dagger into her hand, skewering her to the ground.
I looked over my shoulder to see how Sebastian had fared against Olfred, but all I saw 
was a statue of molten lava in the shape of the thin conjurer. He was dead, encased in 
a tomb of hardened magma.
“What the hell!” I snapped, grabbing Olfred’s shoulder. “Even if you wanted him dead, 
you could’ve killed him without using deviant magic. What are you going to do if the 
Vritra sense what happened here?”
“Your worries are in vain,” Olfred said calmly, taking off his mask.
Confused, I activated Realmheart. I wanted to see just how much mana fluctuation the 
Lance’s spell had caused, and if it was possible we could remain hidden despite this 
setback.
But what I saw baffled me even more. Particles of mana moved erratically around 
Sebastian’s corpse, but there were also mana fluctuations all around us. Either a widescale spell had been used or a battle had recently taken place here.
I whirled around, my vision shaky and palms clammy. My instincts had already alerted 
me to what was happening even before I saw the familiar Vritra approaching me.
The figure walked with a confident gait, his lanky arms wrapped messily in black 
bandages and dangling by his side. He had a slight hunch, which made him look a bit 
shorter than he actually was, but he still stood well over seven feet. Even before he 
had come close enough for me to make out his face, I already knew who he was.
How could I forget the retainer who had killed the Lance I’d replaced?
“Uto,” I said calmly, despite the storm raging inside me.
His dark lips split into a sinister smile. “Hello, boy wonder.”
“Retainer Uto.” Olfred greeted him with an unnaturally stiff bow.
I restrained the urge to spit in Olfred’s face. Despite the turn of events, I was actually 
relieved Uto was the retainer who had come. Unlike Cylrit or any other Vritra, his 
motive was obvious.
Uto ignored the dwarven Lance as he crept closer to me with outstretched arms. “You 
can’t imagine how excited I am to have you here.”
“Really?” I shrugged, playing along. “I was actually expecting a different retainer.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Olfred react.
“Oh?” Uto dipped his head so his gaze was level with mine, so close that we were 
practically touching. “You seem to know more than I thought you would.”
With Realmheart still active, I could clearly make out his aura, the brilliant nimbus of 
power crackling and popping chaotically like his very nature. But even without it, I 
could feel the pressure in the air around him—a palpable tension that was squeezing 
the air out of my lungs.
‘The two humans,’ Sylvie reminded me from within my cloak.
The subordinates of the now-petrified Sebastian seemed themselves frozen into stone 
as they stared wide-eyed at Uto. They didn’t know who he was, but they could feel the 
might of the being in front of them.
“Let’s take our fight elsewhere,” I said simply, turning my gaze back to the Vritra.
Uto tilted his head. “Fight? Why would you think a lesser like you is worth my time at 
all?”
“Because you’re here,” I answered, losing my patience. “If all you wanted to do was kill 
me or capture me, I’m sure Olfred and a few of your soldiers would have sufficed.”
The retainer didn’t answer. He simply gazed at me, looking… unamused.
Suddenly, he burst into laughter. “I can see why so many of you try so hard to keep 
your motives hidden. For times like these when it should be a surprise.” Then he made 
a dismissive gesture. “Lead the way.”
“Retainer Uto!” Olfred blurted. “Lord Rahdeas’s instructions were to deal with this one 
cleanly, to minimize the chance of—”
The Lance gave a nasal scream of pain before he even had the chance to finish his 
sentence. A black spike had shot up from the ground beneath Olfred, skewering his 
nose.
“Do you think I give a lesser’s ass what your traitorous master thinks is the best course 
of action?” Uto spat, then turned and walked toward the door.
Before following him, I checked on the two thugs, lying on the floor. They were 
unconscious but still breathing. I made my way toward the entrance I had come in 
from, checking on as many of the slaves as I could. The Vritra’s presence had 
overwhelmed their weak constitutions. Most of them were out cold; the ones who 
were conscious were probably no better off than the ones who weren’t. At the door, I 
turned back and took one last look at Olfred, who had erected a stone pillar below his 
feet to raise himself up enough to release his nose from the black spike.
Despite my suspicions, I had spent this short trip hoping they weren’t correct. Now 
that I knew they were, it was difficult to wrap my head around the emotions 
manifesting inside me. I had never been good at it in my previous life, and I thought I 
had gotten a little better in this life, but apparently not quite enough.
I broke one of the three beads Aya had given me, activating it before tossing it into the 
large trapdoor by the entrance. Olfred’s eyes grew wide when he saw this—he knew 
exactly what it meant.
OLFRED WAREND
I cursed, berating myself for the turn of events. To think she would be nearby. There 
was no time.
Rubbing my punctured nose—which had already begun to heal—I descended into the 
ground. The earth obeyed, parting beneath me and forming a path to the floor 
underneath the building, which served as a cover.
I dropped to the underground floor below, and several of the soldiers there shouted 
in surprise.
The underground level I had made was vast—far larger than the prison structure 
above it. Here, thousands of soldiers were able to rest on standby.
“Evacuate the premises immediately,” I ordered, my voice echoing off the large chamber 
walls.
A mixture of responses. Some of the Alacryan soldiers glanced at one another, while 
others blatantly ignored my command. Both they and I were fighting for the same 
cause, but because I had been born on this continent, they saw me as a traitor unfit to 
lead them despite my superior power and experience.
I repeated my order, this time causing the earth around us to quake. We had no time.
Soldiers began slowly filing toward the stairs leading back up to the surface. I tried to 
help by erecting a few more staircases, but when the light artifacts suspended from 
the walls started to burst one by one, I knew it was too late.
I cursed and erected a dozen magma knights around me, but the chamber had 
darkened to a near pitch-black state.
Shouts of confusion from the soldiers bounced off the walls that had once served as 
protection and concealment. Now I feared these men were in a prison.
I shrouded myself in a protective barrier of mana and sent pulses throughout the 
underground chamber in hopes of locating her.
“Come out, Aya,” I called, hoping to reason with her. “There will be another Vritra—a 
Scythe—coming soon. If you flee now, I can ensure that you’ll make it out alive.” I felt 
no remorse for the fate of these foreign soldiers; they were part of a bigger plan and 
time was running out. If Aya escaped and managed to notify the asura—Aldir—of my 
betrayal, it would be easy for him to kill me, simply by invoking the artifact I was 
bound by. At this point, though, I thought I might prefer that over what Aya might do 
here.
“So caring.”
Her whisper brushed against my ear—as if she were right beside me.
My magma knight promptly lashed out with its sword. A burning arc of lava launched 
in the direction of Aya’s whisper, but only crashed into the far wall. The lava scattered 
into glowing sparks upon impact, lighting up the darkened room for just a second. And 
that was when I noticed it.
Mist.
The entire underground chamber was submerged in a thick layer of swirling mist that 
almost seemed to have a mind of its own. And within this mist, chaos ensued.
Sporadic flashes of spells lit up the vast chamber as the soldiers retaliated against the 
intruder, but even those became less frequent as Aya got to work.
“I have to thank you for trapping so many Alacryans in one place,” she whispered 
again, this time beside my other ear. “It makes my job much simpler.”
“Enough with your tricks and illusions!” I roared. “Come out and fight me face to face! 
Have you no shame as a Lance?”
“Shame?” Aya’s voice echoed in unison from at least twelve different locations at once. 
“It’s a matter of common sense, dear. Why would I throw away one of the few 
advantages I have?”
There was a levity in her words that came off as arrogance in this situation. She was 
always like that—not an ounce of seriousness in her ever-present façade.
“You leave me no choice,” I replied through gritted teeth. “Eliminating a Lance will at 
least make up for my error.”
I slammed my palm down onto the ground, creating chasms all around the floor and 
walls of the chamber. The temperature within my newly created domain rose 
drastically as glowing magma spilled out from the chasms, filling the underground 
expanse with fiery red light.
The mist was slowly evaporating, and my senses sharpened. Aya’s spell worked much 
like the mist in the Forest of Elshire, but it also served as an anchor for her to freely 
and near-instantly move about.
Despite the increasing amounts of fire and earth mana surrounding me, it didn’t look 
good. My first instinct was to escape into an open space where I could at least avoid 
the mist, but that would mean abandoning the thousand or so soldiers trapped here. 
I was tempted to just raise the entire underground chamber to the surface, but doing 
that would destroy the building above us. I would not shed innocent dwarven blood if 
I could help it.
I scanned my surroundings. Most of the room was obscured by the mist, but the earth 
told me how many were on their feet and how many lay either dead or incapacitated. 
In this short time, more than a fourth had already fallen.
I cursed once more, but regretted it immediately when an airy laugh sounded beside 
me.
“Is the impregnable mental fortress of Olfred Warend slowly crumbling?” Aya 
whispered—behind me this time.
I saw a group of soldiers in a defensive position, firing out spells, and watched as they 
began dropping to the ground, clutching their necks.
I won’t be able to protect anyone at this rate, I thought, just before a stampede of 
horned wyrms suddenly appeared around me.
I ignored the illusions. Instead, I willed three of the rifts on the ground to erupt. Three 
blasts of molten lava coalesced in a fiery collision where I had sensed Aya’s mana 
fluctuation.
My spell hit.
“As expected. Can’t let my guard down against you,” Aya whispered, shimmering into 
view. She was clutching her burned arm.
Meanwhile, screams of horror and shock echoed through the room, from the soldiers 
who weren’t able to distinguish between reality and her illusions.
“Your illusions are as sadistic as always, Aya,” I spat in disgust. “Your sick habit of 
torturing your victims is why you are always ostracized—even amongst your own 
people.”
“I saw that lovely statue you made up there,” Aya replied, fading from view. “If you ask 
me, I’d much rather have my breath sucked out of my lungs than be slowly burned to 
death in a molten tomb.”
“That filth deserved it.” I erected another magma knight in the location of her voice. “I 
gave him the same fate as those he chose to enslave for monetary gain.”
“Is that the same logic that led you to betray Dicathen?” Her tone was sharp, which 
was rare for Aya.
“You elves have never understood the hardships our people go through. Even after 
your war with the humans, dwarves are still treated as lower class. Just because our 
people would rather hone our magical abilities to create rather than destroy, we are 
belittled and taken advantage of. I trust Lord Rahdeas’s decision to join arms with the 
Vritra and the Alacryan army.”
“Do you think the Vritra would care for Rahdeas and your people? The Vritra and all 
the other asuras call us lessers because we’re nothing to them!” she hissed, displaying 
more emotion than I’d ever seen from her. “You’ve read the report we were given, 
haven’t you? How the Vritra experimented with the Alacryans in order to enhance 
their army to fight against the other asura clans. They want to do the same here, to 
your—to our people. Dwarves, humans, and elves alike!”
Now!
I siphoned as much mana as I could afford, creating a devastating blast of fire and 
stone around me.
The illusory mist dissipated, revealing the elven Lance.
She tilted her head. “Did you give up on protecting the Alacryans?”
“The ones left are dead. The others have escaped through the tunnels I created while 
you were busy lecturing me,” I answered.
Aya still wore her mask of apathy, but I could tell by the slight twitch of her brow that 
she had miscalculated.
Without hesitation, I rushed toward her. Aya retaliated, dashing back while hurling 
crescents of compressed air at me. However, I no longer had to worry about protecting 
others, which freed me to fully utilize my power.
Slabs of lava from the ground and walls began gravitating around me, enveloping me 
to form a protective suit of molten armor. The compressed blades of air chipped away 
at my magical armor, but new slabs of molten rock filled in the gaps.
The magma knights I had summoned all lunged toward the elven Lance, their weapons 
ablaze, but Aya was too fast. Even without the mist shrouding her movements, she was 
easily able to outmaneuver the golems and reduce them to pebbles with her 
counterattack.
Time seemed to slow as we fought. I couldn’t match her speed, but she couldn’t 
overcome my defenses.
“It seems we’re at a stalemate,” I said as I regenerated my armor to repair another 
crack.
There were patches of raw skin on Aya’s limbs where my magma had managed to burn 
through her defensive aura, but she was still relatively unharmed.
“Well, if this duel goes on for another hour or so, you might actually have the upper 
hand,” she said with a cheery smile that didn’t quite reach her eyes.
“As I said before, another Vritra is coming soon. It’s not too late for you to run away.”
She replied by hurling a barrage of air blades from all directions.
Ignoring the damage to my armor—which was already repairing itself—I shaped the 
magma in my left arm into a jagged lance.
I struck at Aya, simultaneously conjuring spikes of lava from the ground beneath her 
and the wall behind her.
For a moment, I thought my attack had landed successfully, but then her body faded 
into wisps of air.
Curse her illusions.
The battle continued, but it seemed Aya had no intention of beating me. Her attacks 
grew less confident. She seemed to be losing mana, but my instincts kept me cautious. 
She was planning something.
I let my guard down purposely, hoping she’d get in closer range.
She took the bait, flickering right above me with a whirlwind of air concentrated into 
a spear-like point around her arm. She struck the crown of my helmet, shattering it 
and nearly piercing my skull as well.
Reacting instantly, the suit of magma protecting me wrapped itself around Aya’s arm, 
holding her in place. The elf’s eyes widened in horror as I pierced her with a manainfused hand.
Aya tried to speak, but only stuttered gasps came out as I twisted my bloodied arm 
inside her to ensure she wouldn’t survive. “You’re strong and resourceful, Aya, but 
patience was never your strong suit. If it is any consolation, I never wished for it to 
come to this.”
I tugged back my arm but it wouldn’t budge.
Then I saw it—the thin, hair-like strands of mana all over my armor.
I immediately tried to sever the mana strands, but my attacks went straight through 
them.
“You’re right,” Aya’s voice whispered beside me—and this time, it really was her. “I am
rather resourceful.”
She had spoken to me once about a spell she had been developing, but to think she 
was able to do this—!
The strands of mana glowed and I felt the air in my lungs convulse. I was still breathing 
only because she willed it. I now realized that throughout our entire fight, she had 
been carefully biding her time, waiting for this moment.
“Surprised?” she said. “I needed the ever-vigilant Olfred to weaken his defenses, and 
the only way you’d do that is if you thought you had the upper hand. It also helped that 
your huge suit of rock kept your senses dull.”
The thin strands of mana, which were connected to the tips of her fingers, glowed once 
more and a sharp pain pierced my chest.
Rather than kill me, though, she kept talking, basking in her victory. “I know you’re 
fascinated by my magic, Olfred. You always have been. Even now, you want to know 
how I’ve done this, don’t you? Regardless of race, every body has a natural protection 
against foreign magic. It’s why water mages can’t just drain a person’s body fluids, why 
earth mages can’t manipulate the iron in someone’s blood.”
“Every capable mage knows that, but to establish a link to directly manipulate 
someone’s body using mana… how?”
“It is why air mages can’t draw the breath from your lungs,” she said, ignoring my 
question. “Unless…” She trailed off, letting the word hang in the air like a guillotine.
My lungs shuddered as I forced out a deep breath, sure it would be one of my last. 
Despite my strength, this feeling of my breathing being allowed by someone else was 
nothing short of terrifying.
I raised my hands in submission as I slowly turned to face Aya. Her usually gentle eyes 
were sharp—the way she looked at her enemies. “I know just by your gaze that my 
fate is sealed. It would be unreasonable for me to ask you to have mercy on Lord 
Rahdeas, but please spare Mica. She had no part in this. I had to drug her lest she 
somehow find her way here.”
Aya’s brows twitched ever so slightly in thought before she answered. “I’ll keep it in 
mind, but that’s not up to me to decide.”
I replied with a nod. That was the best answer I could hope to get. “Despite our 
disagreements, it was an honor working with you.”
I thought I saw a sliver of remorse in those cold eyes, but I knew I would never be able 
to confirm it. My breath left me as if it was being ripped out of my lungs, and my vision 
darkened as I felt the cold grasp of Mother Earth pulling me back into her embrace.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I could see a glimpse of the dawning sun behind the Grand Mountains. It cast long 
shadows over the glades, a flat grassy plain scattered with large boulders and 
splintered logs.
This place appeared to have been part of the surrounding forest long ago, before an 
avalanche had struck. Snow still lingered, hiding in patches in the shadows of the 
debris and fallen trees.
Uto stood a dozen or so yards away, swinging his arms as if doing a morning stretch.
‘Arthur.’ Sylvie’s voice was filled with unease.
I know, I replied, taking off my woolen cloak. I can already sense the difference between 
him and the other retainer we fought.
“Do you know what most motivates an enemy?” Uto asked, stretching his long, thin 
neck.
I didn’t answer. Instead, I took Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and withdrew 
it from its scabbard.
“You don’t know? I’ve found that it’s the enemy seeking revenge who retaliates with 
the most… gusto,” he answered nonchalantly.
An ethereal glow enveloped the teal blade of my sword despite the lack of light around 
us. Seeing the jagged remains of the broken tip still sent an ache to my heart, but I 
knew that even in this condition, Dawn’s Ballad was the best weapon I could hope for 
right now.
I raised my gaze to match Uto’s before answering. “You think this is a battle for 
revenge?”
“Isn’t it?” He shrugged, taking a step closer as he tapped his chipped horn. “You were 
pretty riled up when you learned I was the one responsible for killing that elf.”
“I met her when she was dying,” I replied, taking a step forward as well. “So revenge 
wouldn’t quite be my motivation. I simply consider you someone who needs to be 
disposed of.”
Uto frowned. “Well, that’s disappointing. Here I was, so excited that you’d be hell-bent 
on using every ounce of your being to seek vengeance for your comrade, companion, 
or possibly even lover—scratch that; you’re a little too young for her, unless she was 
into that kind of…”
The lanky retainer mumbled on in his fantasy, then abruptly clapped his hands 
together. “Aha! Grandpa elf! His precious granddaughter is around your age, isn’t she? 
Considering how close you are to that family, it would make more sense for you to 
fancy her than the elven Lan—”
The sickle-shaped blade of frost I had launched at the lanky retainer dissipated when 
it hit a black spike that manifested from the ground in front of him. The ink-stained 
metal spikes froze at the impact, but remained whole.
“See? That’s the kind of rage and impatience I was looking forward to.” He snapped his 
fingers, as if in regret. “I should’ve killed the elf princess, or maybe a family member 
of yours, rather than waiting all the way out here for you to show up.”
“Are you done?” I asked through gritted teeth, holding my sword out in an offensive 
stance.
Uto merely shrugged. “You may as well have that little bond of yours come out. You’re
going to need all the help you can get.”
“Come out, Sylvie,” I said aloud, keeping my gaze locked on the retainer.
She hopped out of my cloak, looking as fierce and fearless as I’d ever seen her. I could 
feel her determination in my mind, fortifying me against the creeping sense of 
impending doom clawing at my gut.
“It’s a shame that the circumstances surrounding this battle aren’t as fervent as I 
thought they’d be, pup. That elemental blast you shot at me when we first met—that 
left a significant impression, you see. It made me think I had hurt you deeply—
personally.” Uto let out a deep, exaggerated breath. “No matter. Let’s see if you can 
humor me for at least a few minutes.”
Uto took a step forward, but unlike the casual saunter he had used before, the space 
around him suddenly distorted. His presence became almost palpable in the air, and 
each step sent ripples of vibrations into the ground.
I immediately unleashed Realmheart, and Sylvie shifted into her draconic form.
“A wyvern?” Uto asked, tilting his head.
With Sylvie’s powers sealed since birth by her mother, she appeared to be a very 
powerful mana beast, but no more than that. I had stayed cautious since the war had 
begun, but it was a relief to see that even a retainer couldn’t tell.
“Why? Does that scare you?” I pushed.
He responded with a wicked sneer, then nonchalantly flicked his right hand.
With Realmheart amplifying my affinity to the ambient mana surrounding us, I sensed
the disturbance in front of me before I could actually see anything. Sylvie and I dashed 
in opposite directions just in time to dodge the barrage of black spikes that had 
instantly manifested from beneath us.
The ground we had just been standing on now looked like the back of a large and angry 
porcupine. Each of the seven-foot spikes gleamed with menace.
“Brandish your weapon, pup!” Uto spat, drawing a large black harpoon from the center 
of his palm.
I brought Dawn’s Ballad close to my side, pointing the weapon’s fractured tip at Uto. 
The runes glowing on my arm burned with a comforting warmth as I began coalescing 
the mana surrounding me.
The blade of my sword shimmered in a scintillating array of colors as I infused ice, fire, 
lightning, and wind. No weapon other than Dawn’s Ballad could have held strong with 
such an overwhelming amount of mana being loaded into it.
Let’s go! With Sylvie by my side, I charged.
I held my sword low as I raced toward the retainer. The ground beneath my weapon 
was splintered by its passing aura, but ruining nature was the least of my concerns.
With a manic grin, Uto charged as well, his harpoon arm drawn back, like a snake 
ready to lash out.
In an instant, my blade met his, creating a spherical wave from the sheer concussive 
force of our impact. The elements infused in Dawn’s Ballad surged out, but Uto held 
on effortlessly.
He waggled his eyebrows at me, our weapons still intertwined. “Not bad.”
‘Duck,’ Sylvie said.
I immediately obeyed, and my bond lashed out with her long tail, hitting him square 
in the side as soon as I dropped to the ground.
Uto flew away, slamming into a nearby boulder which shattered upon impact.
The veil of debris had yet to clear when I flourished Dawn’s Ballad. A polychromatic 
crescent of mana ripped from my blade, slicing the cloud of dust as it traveled.
The earth shook violently as the shockwave carved a trench into the ground before 
exploding through several trees, which fell in a series of splintering crashes around 
Uto.
‘He’s still alive,’ Sylvie informed me. She was already prepared for her next attack.
I lowered myself, weaving more mana around my body in case of a surprise strike, but 
rather than a retaliation, a laugh rang from within the depression in the ground. Again, 
I saw the flickering fluctuations of mana around me. Thin spikes were conjured from 
thin air while large pillars of the black metal fired out from the shadows beneath the 
many boulders and fallen logs.
I parried the thin spikes, each one sending a jarring amount of force up my arms. 
Meanwhile, Sylvie knocked aside the thick pillars that had sprouted from the darker 
shadows. Her thick scales managed to withstand most of the attacks, but the sheer 
volume and intensity of Uto’s sudden barrage left us both wounded and bleeding.
Don’t heal us, I ordered when Sylvie gathered mana into her breath. Not yet, at least.
Fortunately, the spikes weren’t laced with poison, but it was almost unfair how the 
retainer was able to conjure them out of thin air.
Even advanced earth mages had to shape the earth around them before firing them 
out. Uto seemed to be able to just manifest his attacks wherever he pleased.
“I expected more, pup,” Uto sighed theatrically as he walked out of the depression of 
earth that I had created with my last attack.
Cover my back, I sent Sylvie, siphoning more mana out of my mana core and into my 
body. I could see my long hair turning white as I fell deeper into the Realmheart 
Physique. The runes became more complex and I could feel the mark branded on my 
back as well. The mana around me seemed eager to obey my thoughts. It twirled 
around me, forming seamlessly into spells that would normally require immense 
concentration.
Dawn’s Ballad was emblazoned in a silver aura of frost, and my left fist crackled with 
tendrils of black lightning.
Uto’s brows were knitted, but he had no time for thought as I arrived, unleashing a 
torrent of attacks. My crystalline sword was no more than a blur, leaving only streaks 
of silver in its path. I weaved in punches, elbows, knees, and kicks as Kordri had taught 
me in our years of training. Every time I swung Dawn’s Ballad, he instantly countered 
with a black spike, which froze and shattered on impact. Meanwhile Sylvie stayed close 
behind, her limbs a flurry of scales and claws as she hacked and ripped away at the 
neverending barrage of black spikes Uto conjured. Soon, the area around us became a 
ruin of frozen rubble and severed spikes of black metal.
‘This isn’t good, Arthur. Uto’s attacks seem to get faster and stronger the longer we fight,’
Sylvie grunted.
My eyes remained locked on the retainer, who had yet to receive a single wound. Every 
time it seemed like I was about to land an attack, a black slate of metal would form 
around the area, protecting him.
I’ll have to kick it up a notch.
The thick tendrils of black lightning that coiled around my arm receded at my 
beckoning. I internalized the lightning magic, quickening my reaction time by 
reinforcing my very neurons with crackling energy.
The entire world seemed to slow. My senses were heightened—to an almost 
overwhelming degree. Colors seemed to pop, and the tiny particles of mana visible 
through Realmheart came alive.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad once more and easily dipped under Uto’s thrust. Just as my 
blade was about to connect with Uto’s exposed side, I saw it.
The retainer’s black spike magic, which seemed instant in normal time, was rapidly 
coalescing just where my attack was about to hit. I instantly redirected my strike 
upward, to just below his arm.
I could see the ghastly mana moving, reacting to my new attack. But it didn’t reach in 
time. I feigned another attack, then drove my fist into his sternum instead.
The retainer buckled over from the blow. He took a step back to keep himself upright, 
and a thin trail of fluid too dark to be blood trickled down the side of his mouth.
I was surprised that my attack had actually connected. I paused for a beat before 
lunging forward with another strike.
It’s in the shadows, Sylv! I screamed internally. Those black spikes can only manifest in 
areas of darkness. That’s why his spells are always more powerful when they come from 
the shadows.
Uto’s hand blurred. It blurred. Despite being in Realmheart and having Thunderclap 
Impulse heightening my senses, I couldn’t clearly see his strike.
His fist hit me like a train. Even with the density of mana protecting my body, I felt 
myself flicker in and out of consciousness. By the time I had collected myself, I was 
twenty feet away, with my back up against the shattered trunk of a tree.
Sylvie was holding Uto off, the blood from her fresh wounds coating her black scales. 
Since her abilities had been sealed, she wasn’t able to keep up with Uto any more than 
I could, even with her superior defenses.
I got up, pondering whether to try Burst Step once more to outmaneuver Uto.
Sylvie’s sharp tone cut off my thoughts. ‘You’ll be crippled for the rest of your life if you 
use Burst Step again!’
It’s better than dying here, isn’t it? I sent back, frustration lacing my voice.
‘There are other options to explore before we use that!’ she hissed, twisting her large 
body to avoid Uto’s attack. She batted the retainer away with her wing before 
launching herself directly at me. ‘Get ready!’
Realizing that she wasn’t going to stop, I leaped and latched myself onto the base of 
her neck just before she kicked off the ground. Almost instantly we cleared a hundred 
feet, and continued to fly higher.
What’s your plan?
‘Like you said, it’s the shade. He’s able to manifest those metal spikes from wherever he 
wants as long as there are shadows,’ she explained as we rose high enough that the 
mountain wasn’t blocking the sun.
I winced at the bright rays, but immediately knew what Sylvie intended.
We were fighting in a giant shadow!
‘Exactly. That’s how he was able to conjure his attacks from wherever he pleased. If we 
fight him here, he’ll be much more limited in where he can attack.’
I steadily stood up on Sylvie’s back. She and I had never fought together like this. In 
my previous world, I’d had to spend hours training to fight on horseback, and I 
imagined that had to be easier than balancing hundreds of feet above the ground on a 
flying dragon.
I barely had enough time to find my balance before Uto appeared just a few feet above 
us, a black spear in hand.
His shadow-magic spear, which had previously glistened like metal, looked dull now 
that he had to rely on the shadow his body cast as an anchor for his spells.
Careful not to hurt Sylvie, I pushed myself off her back and enveloped my body in a 
spherical whirlwind.
Activating Thunderclap Impulse once more, I barreled straight into the retainer’s 
spear. Sylvie had been right; without the shadows, his attacks didn’t come from all 
directions—only from the parts of his body facing away from the sun. Black spikes 
jutted from his body, but the spikes weren’t nearly as dense or imposing.
“You’re pretty smart, pup. I’m glad you found my weakness,” Uto said, his voice muffled 
by the wind.
It was awkward fighting in the air. Just as Uto was restrained by the lack of shade, I 
was limited by the fact that I couldn’t fly. Sylvie maneuvered herself around me, acting 
as a platform for me to jump off of.
Try not to stay too close in case Uto tries to use the shadow your body casts, I sent Sylvie 
as I rushed in for another attack.
With Thunderclap Impulse’s effects further enhanced by Realmheart, I thought we 
would be able to win. Trails of ichor leaked from the shallow wounds I managed to 
inflict on Uto, but his expression unsettled me.
His face, which had been the picture of manic glee, had mellowed into an expression 
of… boredom.
“Even with this handicap, you haven’t been able to land a single meaningful hit,” he 
said, his voice somber. “It’s disappointing.”
“Sorry, but I’m not fighting you to impress you,” I spat, spinning around. The fractured 
tip of Dawn’s Ballad sunk into Uto’s chest. I let the mana coalesced into the blade surge 
out, and Uto’s entire body became engulfed in frost, fire, lightning, and wind.
I kept my grip on my sword as I felt the two of us starting to drop. For a moment, I 
thought I had done it. I thought I had killed him.
Then I saw a black swirl manifest from where my sword was embedded into him. My 
attack had managed to destroy most of the bandages he had wrapped himself with, 
only to reveal what looked like piercings.
He had little studs of metal all over his torso and limbs, and, to my horror, each of those 
metal piercings cast its own little shadow around his entire body.
Uto’s horn glowed with a purplish-black light while the shadow from his countless 
piercings spread entirely around his body.
I tried pulling Dawn’s Ballad free of Uto’s chest, but no matter how much mana I 
imbued into my body, I wasn’t strong enough to pry it out.
“If you were able to notice my weakness in the short time we have been playing, don’t 
you think I would’ve found out about it a long time ago?” His voice was muffled by the 
black mask that covered his entire head and face, except for his horns.
“Sylvie!” I said aloud, letting go of Dawn’s Ballad.
My bond immediately repositioned herself to catch me, but a black spike suddenly 
shot out from Uto’s body.
I siphoned more mana from my core, manifesting a gauntlet of ice around my right 
hand to strike the black projectile. I knew if I dodged it, the attack would hit Sylvie, so 
I smashed it aside instead, successfully redirecting the attack.
Or I thought I had.
Uto pointed a finger at me, as if warning me of something. I couldn’t see his expression 
behind his shadow mask, but I swore I could feel his hateful sneer.
An instant later, I felt the sharp prick of something against my skin—something 
coming up from below me.
With the internal lightning-attribute mana art enhancing my reactions, tapping into 
the mysterious aether around me, I activated the first phase of my dragon’s will.
Aevum, the control over time. With little mastery of and insight to this powerful ability, 
I was able to briefly stop time around me. Lady Myre had said aether could not be 
manipulated, only influenced—but in my case, it felt like I was merely tapping into the 
influence Sylvia had once had over aevum.
Colors flipped and the purple particles of aether around me trembled violently. Uto, 
Sylvie, and even the black spike almost lodged into my back—it all stopped abruptly. 
With Uto’s last attack no longer in motion, I was able to whirl away and avoid the full 
brunt of the impact.
Releasing Distortion—what I chose to call phase one—was much like letting out my 
breath after being underwater until the brink of drowning. I was barely able to gather 
my wits as the black spike flew past, disoriented as I was from the near miss.
My body hurtled downward, but just as I landed on Sylvie’s back, Uto reacted. He 
flashed across the sky like black lightning and struck Sylvie and I simultaneously, 
throwing us into a downward spiral.
As we plummeted toward the ground like a comet, I flashed in and out of 
consciousness once more. My entire body was a bundle of agony; I couldn’t discern 
exactly which part of me was broken.
Without even the luxury of screaming from the pain, I desperately tried to protect 
myself and my bond using magic.
Change into your fox form! I cried, but rather than obey, Sylvie scrunched her body into 
a ball, covering me with her arms, neck, torso, and wings. I could feel the warmth of 
her underbelly as she gripped me harder.
‘You don’t have enough mana to take the impact. At least my body will be able to block 
some of the force.’
Fool, I replied. Even in my thoughts I sounded weak.
I braced myself for the impact but it never came—or rather, I never felt it. By the time 
I regained consciousness, I was in the center of a crater, even more exhausted.
Sylv? I tried to get up, but my body refused to listen.
Sylvie? I sent out once more. No response.
A weak moan escaped my mouth as I turned. Sylvie’s body was still underneath me, 
but her limbs were splayed out and there were black spikes everywhere beneath us—
some broken, some jutting out of her.
“No.” I shook my bond. “Sylvie. Wake up.” I shook harder.
“This isn’t funny, Sylvie!” I rolled off her body, scratching myself on a nearby spike.
“Sylvie, please!” My vision swam and I could feel my heart trying to burst out of my 
chest.
A wave of panic rushed over me, numbing me to all the pain. I crawled desperately, 
trying to dislodge her arm from a large black spike. I gritted my teeth, holding back 
sobs while trying to think of a way to help my bond.
“Aether,” I muttered breathlessly as I held my hands against her body. It was a long 
shot, but I had to try.
I activated Realmheart once more. Every inch of my body screamed in pain at the 
backlash, but I held on. With the particles of mana and aether visible, I desperately 
tried to somehow guide the purple particles into Sylvie’s body.
“Please,” I begged.
The purple particles of aether around Sylvie began quivering, as if answering my 
desperate cry for help. Slowly they swirled and seeped through her scales.
I didn’t know what would happen. Since Sylvie was able to heal me through aether, I 
thought maybe she could use it to heal herself as well.
Unable to keep Realmheart active any longer, I sank to my knees, pressing my face 
against the base of Sylvie’s neck.
“You’re going to be okay,” I breathed. “You have to be okay.”
Several black spikes had pierced Sylvie’s body and limbs, but I didn’t have the strength 
to pull them out. I tried hitting the black spike that had impaled her side, hoping it 
would come loose from the ground.
I struck at it. I struck again. I pummeled it until I couldn’t condense mana anymore 
and my knuckles bled.
“Your beast will live,” a female voice said from somewhere nearby. It sounded calm 
and mature.
Aya?
Desperate and hopeful, I turned around and looked up, but it wasn’t her. It was a girl, 
but it wasn’t Aya.
Far from it.
It was the girl I had seen at the cavern in Darv.
The Scythe. Except… in her hand was Uto. And he appeared dead.
I stared silently at her.
Sweat drenched my skin and my entire head throbbed. My tongue felt like a rag that 
had been wrung dry. My body felt fear, but my mind was lost in a web of thoughts. I 
could feel the gears turning as my brain tried to come up with a scenario that would 
make sense of this turn of events. The conclusion that it came to, however…
There was no way out.
With no mana left in my core, my body on the brink of collapsing from backlash, and 
my bond incapacitated, I did the only thing I could do. I waited.
The woman stood near the rim of the crater Sylvie’s body had made. She looked 
fundamentally different from the retainers I had seen up to now.
Her hair was long and reflected the sun like liquid amethyst. Unlike the witch, Uto, or 
Cylrit, whose complexions had been varying shades of sickly gray, this woman’s skin 
had the quality of polished alabaster. Her eyes were as piercing as the long black horns 
that spiraled up from her skull like an impala’s.
Aside from her remarkable physical appearance, what struck me most strongly was 
her aura—or rather, her lack of an aura.
It wasn’t like when I had learned to hide my presence. Rather, the Scythe’s aura 
seemed to be there, but controlled—contained like a devastating bomb ready to 
explode. The only time I had felt this was when I’d met Lord Indrath. Sylvie’s 
grandfather—the current leader of the asuras—had the same suffocating presence; it 
made everyone wary of when he might explode.
I swallowed heavily, which was the biggest movement I’d made since I had become 
aware of the Scythe’s arrival.
She remained still, though. That was a good sign. If she wanted to kill me, she could 
have done so by now. I wanted to ask why she was holding onto the dead or 
unconscious Uto by his hair, but couldn’t quite work up the nerve.
I was pretty certain that neither Sylvie nor I had done Uto any serious harm; that 
meant either he had exceeded his limits with that last attack, or that this Scythe had 
something to do with his current state. Both options seemed unlikely.
Without moving, I kept using Mana Rotation to passively regain mana. My body 
burned and my core ached from backlash, but I held on. No matter how much mana I 
gained, there was nothing I could do anyway; I couldn’t escape with Sylvie in this 
condition and there was no way I was going to leave her behind. My brain flickered 
with the notion that it might be worthwhile to fight against this Scythe, but that 
thought was quickly doused by every other fiber of my being.
So I remained in the same exact position, staring at the purple-haired Scythe. Dozens 
of possible scenarios ran through my thoughts, but then she did something I would 
never have predicted.
Reaching down with her free hand, the Scythe snapped off Uto’s horns one by one, as 
if she were plucking flowers. Without speaking, she casually tossed them at me. I 
reacted instinctively, as if they were bombs—and for all I knew, they could be. I 
scrunched into a ball, protecting my vitals. I positioned myself between the severed 
horns and my bond in the feeble hope that I could somehow protect my two-ton 
dragon, but nothing happened. The two black horns clattered as they rolled down the 
side of the crater before stopping anticlimactically at my feet.
I looked at the horns on the ground cautiously, then locked eyes with the Scythe. Her 
behavior didn’t make any sense; from what I had gathered, the Vritra’s horns were an 
important part of themselves. Why would she do that to her ally?
Just when I thought her actions couldn’t be more unpredictable, the Scythe lifted Uto 
by his hair and pierced his body with a thin blade of what looked to be pure mana. The 
deadly purple blade jutted through Uto’s sternum, but he didn’t react at all. Could he 
really be…
Whether it was because I was exhausted—physically and mentally—or the Scythe was 
enacting some sort of scheme, I couldn’t make sense of her actions. At this point, I was 
just shocked that she had been able to so easily pierce Uto’s core.
Mana and beast cores were dense, hypersensitive parts of the body; the higher the 
user’s stage, the more resilient they were. Being able to pierce through Uto’s core 
without causing him complete agony meant that this Scythe had done something more 
than simply knocking him unconscious.
The Scythe tossed Uto like a ragdoll into the crater, toward Sylvie and me.
“It was a tough battle, but you managed to defeat Uto. You were able to keep him alive, 
but for safety measures, you pierced his core to ensure that he won’t be able to use 
any mana art. You did this so you can take him back to interrogate him,” the Scythe 
said, as if reading from a script.
My initial response was to ask what was going on, but this Scythe seemed like the sort 
of person who despised needless questions that wasted her time. Based on her 
actions, it seemed that she either didn’t agree with this war or she had her own 
personal agenda. I could work with either option, as long as it meant I wasn’t going to 
die today.
I asked a different question instead.
“Would it be too much to ask your name?” I muttered, my voice betraying me despite 
the confidence I was trying to project.
There was a slight rising of one of her brows, but that was the only outward change of 
expression she exhibited.
After a slight pause, she answered, her voice flat, “Seris Vritra.”
Pushing myself up off the ground, I managed to sit up, propping my back against 
Sylvie’s body. My own body felt like it weighed as much as Sylvie did, but I did my best 
to appear poised.
“Thank you, Seris Vritra. I won’t forget this kindness.” I dipped my head respectfully. 
It wasn’t clear whether this Scythe was an enemy or an ally. She seemed like neither, 
but whatever the case, she had saved my life—and Sylvie’s. For that, the least I could 
do was thank her, regardless of her race or stance in this war.
Seris cracked a slight smile. “Peculiar boy.”
The Scythe turned, preparing to leave. Then, over her shoulder, she said, “For both our 
sakes, get stronger—fast. Uto’s horns will be an invaluable resource for you if you can 
manage to extract the mana stored inside.”
Wide-eyed, I gingerly scooped up the two fist-sized horns and stored them inside my 
ring. By the time I looked back up, Seris had disappeared.
I wasn’t sure whether it was because Uto was unconscious or because Seris had 
destroyed his core, but the bed of black spikes—which Sylvie had used her own body 
to protect me from—had crumbled. Sylvie’s wounds were already closing, and her 
breathing became more relaxed. I thought white core mages healed fast, but Sylvie’s 
recovery was actually visible.
No longer worried that my bond might die out here, I turned my attention to the 
unconscious and bleeding retainer. Dawn’s Ballad still pierced his chest, but it slid out 
easily when I gave it a tug. My sword had left hardly a scratch on Uto, but Seris’s 
seemingly nonchalant attack had easily pierced his body and core.
“It looks like I have quite a ways to go before I try to take on another retainer, let alone 
a Scythe,” I muttered to myself. I hated to admit it, but, with the appearance of Seris, I 
had completely lost my will to fight. It had been a while since I had felt so helpless. It 
wasn’t a good feeling, and this time was no different.
When I had enough mana gathered, I attempted to use magic—but my core churned, 
sending me in a fit of agony. The mana burned as I channeled it through my body, but 
I was finally able to encase Uto’s body in ice.
Despite having almost died just moments ago, a sense of calm surrounded me. There 
were things I should’ve been doing right now—helping Aya if her battle hadn’t already
ended, informing Mica about Olfred’s betrayal—but right now, I couldn’t. In my 
weakened state, I couldn’t help them even if I wanted to, so I gave in to my body’s 
demands and rested.
I leaned heavily against Sylvie’s body, her rhythmic breathing almost therapeutic. I 
usually never let myself fall into daydreams or wistful fantasies, but right now, I felt 
like I deserved it. Letting my thoughts drift, I allowed myself to imagine my life after 
the war. I let myself have some happy thoughts, even if they wouldn’t necessarily come 
true.
Thoughts of myself, grown up—maybe even sporting a beard—with a family of my 
own. Tess’s face popped into my mind, and I immediately felt the urge to abandon my 
reverie. But I deserved this little fantastical break.
So I let the scenes continue. Tess looked older—more mature but still dazzlingly 
beautiful. She smiled brightly at something I’d just said, her cheeks coloring with just 
a slight tinge of red. She tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear before glancing 
upward at me coyly. She took a single step toward me, and then suddenly we were 
chest to chest. Tess raised herself up on her toes as she closed her eyes. Her blush 
deepened and her long lashes quivered.
Just as she pursed her lips to kiss me, Tessia was suddenly ripped from my arms. I was 
surrounded by darkness, but I could vaguely make out the figure standing in front of 
me, just a few feet away.
It was me. The former me.
What makes you think you can have this happiness—that you deserve this happiness? 
The former me spoke, his voice echoing through the void.
After what you did to them, do you think you can just forget and move on? They died 
because of your choices. They paid the price for your selfishness.
Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur Leywin, you can only exist alone.
Whether you’re King Grey or Arthur…
…Grey or Arthur…
…Arthur…
“Arthur!”
I jolted awake. In front of me was Aya.
Her expression immediately relaxed and a flicker of relief shone in her eyes. “You 
wouldn’t wake up no matter how hard I shook you. I was beginning to worry 
something had happened during the fight.”
“I’m just a bit tired.” I mustered a smile to reassure her.
Aya nodded. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
Staring at the elven Lance, I saw that she was much paler than normal, but she had no 
visible wounds. “How did it go on your side?”
Aya’s expression darkened. “A few of the Alacryan soldiers were able to escape. As for 
the traitor, I executed him.”
Traitor. Execute. I mulled over the elf’s choice of words. She was distancing herself 
from the fact that she had killed a former comrade. I couldn’t blame her; Olfred’s death 
left a bitter taste in my mouth too, but Aya had worked alongside him longer than I 
had.
“What about Mica?” I asked.
Aya shook her head. “I came here straight after finishing my job at the Alacryan’s 
hidden base. I thought you might need my help, but I see that it was unnecessary.”
For a brief moment, I thought of telling the Lance about Seris and how she had helped 
me, but I chose not to. There was no hard reasoning behind it; I just wanted to know 
more about Seris before saying anything. “It was a hard battle, but with Sylvie’s help, 
I was able to defeat him.”
There was a flash of doubt in Aya’s eyes, but she immediately recovered with a curt 
nod. “I’m glad you both got through this in one piece. We’ve won.”
“Thanks,” I said, stroking Sylvie’s body. “It doesn’t feel like we won though. We 
managed to bring down a retainer, but at the cost of a member of the Council and a 
Lance—maybe even two.”
“I think it’s safe to leave it at just one Lance,” Aya replied, staring idly at Uto, whose 
frozen body I had left upright.
“So Mica wasn’t a part of it?”
Aya shook her head. “She still needs to be questioned, but I highly doubt it.”
I rested my head against Sylvie’s body, grateful for that bit of news, at least. I could feel 
my bond in my thoughts again—a mixture of the emotions she was feeling in her 
dreams.
“With Rahdeas’s arrest and Mica’s questioning, along with this retainer’s interrogation, 
it’s going to be hectic when we get back to the castle,” I said, more to myself than to 
Aya.
“It definitely will be, so get some rest here while you can.”
I smiled weakly at Aya, thinking there was too much on my mind for me to relax: what 
to think about Seris’s actions; how to utilize the horns to get stronger; how to explain 
the recurring nightmares about my past life. But in the battle between my body and 
mind, my body prevailed, and I succumbed to the compelling lure of sleep.
GREY
“Next! Cadet Grey, no surname. Please step onto the platform,” said the researcher on 
the other side of the glass. He wore an immaculate lab coat, and his half-closed eyes 
never left his clipboard. “Please place your dominant hand on the globe and wait for 
further instructions.”
I did as instructed, broadening my shoulders and puffing out my chest—as if my 
posture was somehow going to help me on this test.
“Now, Cadet Grey, the globe is a sensor that will measure your ki level. Please imbue 
ki into the sensor until you are given the signal to stop.”
Taking a deep breath, I siphoned the ki from my sternum and let it flow up and through 
my right arm into the glass sphere. My ki looked like droplets of ink in water as it 
swirled and expanded in the sensor that was measuring it. I saw the researchers 
jotting down notes with looks of disappointment.
Barely a minute had passed and I was already sweating profusely, my hand trembling 
on top of the globe.
“You may stop,” the same researcher said through the intercom, his voice sounding 
even less impressed than it had before. “Please proceed to the training grounds for the 
final part of your assessment.”
I walked out the same door I had come in through, taking a peek back as the 
researchers discussed my score behind their glass window. The one who had given 
me the instructions was shaking his head.
Walking down the brightly lit corridor, I stopped at the back of a line of cadets waiting 
their turn for the final portion of the assessment.
“Hey… do you know what the last test will be?” asked the bulky young man in front of 
me in line. He seemed nervous.
“We’ve been through the tests to measure our mental acuity, physical strength, and ki. 
Just by process of elimination, this last one can only be that.”
The muscular teen’s eyes lit up in realization and he grinned smugly. “Oh… that! Haha! 
I’m good at that.”
I let out a small laugh at the simpleton’s change in attitude. It was the same for me—I 
was also good at that.
The line started moving again, and we filed into a large auditorium with a ceiling at 
least a hundred feet high. There were already a fair number of cadets gathered in 
designated locations, with an instructor leading each group. I scanned the area in 
hopes of finding Nico or Cecilia, but I couldn’t see either of them.
Another instructor stood at the front of our line, guiding each of the new cadets to a 
different group. He pointed to his right, toward a crowd of nervous cadets near the far 
corner, and the bulky boy in front of me confidently swaggered to his assigned group.
“Cadet Grey, no surname,” the instructor read.
I stifled the urge to scowl every time a faculty member pointed out the fact that I had 
no family name. Why did that matter here?
“Proceed to Group 4C, halfway to the far left corner of the auditorium. The floor is 
marked for your convenience,” the instructor said, pointing in the appropriate 
direction.
I gave him a curt nod and walked to my group, which was a hodgepodge of 
approximately a dozen young men and women of all different sizes and builds. A petite 
girl who looked to be around my age stood confidently with her arms crossed. She was 
purposely leaking traces of her ki so everyone around her could feel it. A toned boy 
with neatly cropped hair and an arrogant smirk stood tall, placing himself near the 
front of the group. Judging by the crest pinned to his chest pocket, he was from a 
military family. No doubt he had been raised to be a prominent member of the 
military—perhaps even a contender to challenge for the position of king.
In the middle of the group was our instructor—a heavyset man who looked to be in 
his forties, his mustache better groomed than his thinning hair.
“Cadet Grey?” the instructor asked with a raised brow as he read off his clipboard.
“Yes, sir.” I nodded respectfully. No point in being brusque with the man responsible 
for determining my status inside this military academy.
“Okay! Looks like everyone’s here then,” he said, tucking his clipboard under his 
armpit and clasping his hands. “Hello everyone. You may all refer to me as Instructor 
Gredge. Before we begin, I’d like to say a few words.”
The cadets in our group shuffled around him in a circle so everyone could see.
“As many of you have guessed, this last portion of the entry exam will be practical 
combat. I have the ki level results here for everyone in this group, and while I will not 
disclose anyone’s level, I’ll tell you now that they all differ. Practical combat means that 
you will not always have the luxury of being able to fight someone with the same level 
of ki as you. Sometimes you’ll be lucky and face an opponent who can barely 
strengthen his fist.”
A few cadets in our group snickered at that.
“Other times, you will be in situations where your opponent has a much larger ki pool 
than you do,” the instructor continued, holding up his clipboard once more. 
“Regardless, you will be judged on your ability to adapt accordingly and, most 
importantly, prevail.”
We exchanged glances with each other. Then a scrawny teen, who looked a few years 
older than me, raised his arm and spoke. “Are the rumors true—that cadets can die 
during this test?”
Instructor Gredge scratched his beard. “Highly unlikely. The weapons are blunted and 
softened. Also, I’ll be carefully monitoring the fights and will intervene when 
necessary.”
A few cadets in the group were still anxious despite the instructor’s reassurance. I 
couldn’t blame them. The difference in ki levels made a huge difference in strength 
and agility—enough so that even a softened weapon could be deadly.
The instructor cleared his throat to get our attention. “As you all know, the entry exam 
is important for determining and securing a cadet’s future in this academy. Those who 
do well here will be well-supported by the academy and be given resources to further 
their skills, while those who do poorly will be neglected and eventually expelled. It’s 
unfair, but it’s also the way of life. I’d ask if any of you have any questions but we’re 
short on time, so let’s begin.”
Our plump instructor waved his hand, motioning for some of the cadets to get out of 
his way. He then dug out a key from his pocket and inserted it into the wall. That was 
when I noticed the faint seams in the ground.
“As this is an exam and not a class, we will not be debriefing you on these matches. You 
may choose to speculate amongst yourselves, however,” he said. As he spoke, the wall 
slid open to reveal a weapon rack, and at the same time panes of glass-like material 
rose from the thin seams in the ground. Within seconds, an area roughly thirty feet on 
each side was enclosed by the clear walls, which rose dozens of feet high.
“First up will be Cadet Janice Creskit against Cadet Twain Burr. Select the weapon of 
your choice and enter the arena.” Instructor Gredge motioned at the door and the 
panes slid open.
The small-framed girl who had been flaunting her ki picked out a blunted spear, while 
the scrawny teen who had just asked the instructor whether it was possible to die 
carefully selected a shield and sword. They followed the instructor into the enclosed 
area, the panes closing behind them.
“Glancing blows will be ignored; I will determine whether the match will stop or not. 
Until then, fight to your heart’s content.” Our instructor placed himself in between 
Janice and the anxious Twain. “Begin!”
Twain jumped back and immediately fell into a defensive stance, holding his fiberglass 
shield up while keeping his blunted sword close to his body.
Janice, on the other hand, lunged at her opponent. A muted thud resounded as her 
spear clashed with Twain’s shield, but she didn’t relent. With no regard for her own 
safety, she let loose a wild set of thrusts, pushing Twain back with each one.
The petite girl lashed out like a cat, quick and agile, but too reckless. Although his 
knitted brows showed uncertainty, Twain seemed to realize her weakness and timed 
his next block to parry away Janice’s spear.
She staggered just a step, but that was all Twain needed. He quickly swung his sword, 
striking her square in the shoulder. I expected her to writhe in pain, or at least recoil 
from the direct hit, but a translucent layer of ki warded off the worst of the blow.
With a smug grin plastered on her face, Janice smacked Twain’s sword away with her 
hand and tackled him with the same shoulder that had taken the blow. Twain buckled. 
Janice followed up by swiping her weapon at Twain’s legs, sweeping him off his feet—
literally.
The scrawny teen fell to the floor and Janice raised her spear. But before she could 
bring the weapon down into Twain’s face, Instructor Gredge grabbed it and 
intercepted her.
“Match over. Both cadets return to the group,” he said unceremoniously, releasing the 
spear.
There was a moment of silence as our instructor jotted a few things onto his clipboard 
while Twain and Janice walked out of the arena.
“Cadet Grey and Cadet Vlair of House Ambrose. Select the weapon of your choice and 
enter the arena.”
Murmurs went through our group at the name ‘Ambrose.’
The toned, good-looking boy—who also looked about my age—walked over to Janice.
“May I use the spear?” he asked, holding his hand out.
The girl, who had just fought like a feral cat, suddenly turned tame as she handed him 
the blunted spear. “Sure.”
I picked out a sword about half the width of the one Twain had used, then walked into 
the enclosed area.
“That’s it, Cadet Grey?” Vlair asked with a raised brow. “The type of sword you chose 
is usually paired with a brace or another sword.”
I shook my head. “I’m fine like this.”
“Suit yourself,” Vlair said with a shrug.
“Begin.” Instructor Gredge signaled with a wave of his clipboard.
Unlike Janice, Vlair took a much more neutral stance with his spear. I wasn’t too 
familiar with the forms for that particular weapon, but just on instinct alone, I knew 
he was much better trained with it than Janice was.
I tightened my grip on my sword but kept the blade low. Vlair’s eyes narrowed, almost 
as if he was insulted that I hadn’t taken a proper stance.
My opponent made the first move, lunging forward. His weapon became a blur, but I 
already knew where it was going to be. I dodged his first thrust with just the slightest 
twitch of my head, and ducked underneath the quick swipe that followed.
The match continued, with Vlair unable to land even one blow. I knew that a single hit 
would probably be the end of me for this duel, but I had to save my limited ki for when 
I could actually attack. Meanwhile, Vlair had a consistent aura of ki enveloping his 
body and weapon, which was impressive. The previous cadets had been able to protect 
themselves with ki to a certain extent—Janice more so than Twain—but Vlair’s ability 
to extend his ki into his weapon was something that came from both talent and hard 
work, especially at our age.
His blunted spear whistled past my cheek with practiced precision, but I allowed my 
body to do its work. His movements were blurred and he seemed to be using a 
technique that bent and curved his spear for a wider range of attacks, but he was still 
slow—at least to me. He lacked the fear-inducing ferocity that the attackers who had 
tried to kidnap Cecilia had possessed.
I had gotten more used to this sensation over the years, but it was still odd the way my 
body moved seamlessly with my thoughts. I was glad for this talent, as it served as a 
way to even out the playing field, considering my shallow ki pool.
Cadet Ambrose kept attacking, and his precise combination of attacks soon became 
laced with emotion. Frustration and impatience took over, dulling his attacks and 
leaving his body more open. I took advantage of that fact and went in. Strengthening 
the ball of my foot with ki, I redirected his spear up, so his ribs were exposed on his 
right side, and darted forward.
I swung my sword, hitting him cleanly just below the armpit. Vlair reeled with the 
impact, but I could tell by the sensation that it hadn’t done much. The rich layer of ki 
protected him.
“Enough. Match over,” Instructor Gredge declared.
“What? That barely tickled! I can still fight,” Vlair retorted, anger in his eyes.
“There is no victory in these matches, Cadet Ambrose. I have seen enough from both 
of you, which is why I’m concluding this match,” our instructor said, annoyance 
evident in his tone.
Vlair glanced at me. “I disagree that you’ve seen enough. The kid just landed a lucky 
blow.”
Instructor Gredge shook his head. “The ‘lucky blow’ was made after you failed to land 
a single strike for exactly one minute and eight seconds. Now before I dock you even 
more points, please make your way out of the arena so the other cadets can have their 
turn.”
Vlair stared daggers at both me and our instructor, but walked out after tossing his 
spear on the ground.
The exams went quickly after that, giving us time to rest and eat while the results 
board was uploaded.
“Is this seat taken? Of course it isn’t,” a familiar voice asked and answered from behind 
me. Nico nudged me with his elbow before sitting down across from me. He was 
carrying a tray with the same meal I had received and was currently eating. Cecilia 
followed close behind him, and shot me a smile before she sat down next to Nico.
I ignored Nico’s little tease, swallowing my steamed vegetables before asking, “How 
did your tests go? Did the amulet work?”
Cecilia held up her right hand to show me the little coin-sized pin in the center of her 
palm. “It worked like a charm. Judging by the testers’ reaction, I was probably 
somewhere between average and not significantly above average.”
“I should’ve named it the not-significantly-above-average ki displayer,” Nico chuckled 
as he pointed his fork at me. “I told you it’d work.”
I respected Nico’s resilience and ability to adapt. He had undoubtedly been affected by 
Headmaster Wilbeck’s death, but he didn’t let it get to him for long. He’d bounced back 
and pushed us—especially me—to keep working toward a goal. I knew that he often 
joked to cover his emotions, but I thought his wit was much needed in our group.
I nodded. “I’m glad it did… although I still think it would’ve been best if you two had 
gone to a regular school. It’s not too late, I thi—”
“And I told you that we’re sticking together,” Nico cut in. His eyes flickered with 
intensity for a moment, but then he relaxed. “Besides, this place has a research facility 
and several workshops available to the engineering department students.”
“Nico’s right,” Cecilia chimed in, fiddling with her food but not really eating. “We all 
have things we can learn by being here.”
“Fine, but we have to be careful.” I lowered my voice and scooted closer to my friends. 
“We don’t know exactly what group or organization was after Cecilia.”
“You’re worrying too much,” Nico said dismissively. “The new ki restrainer I built 
should last long enough for me to scrounge around for a few parts here and make a 
more stable one.”
We talked as we ate, but our eyes kept shifting back to the large clock above the 
kitchen. It wasn’t just us—everyone was anxious for the announcement.
Nico pushed away his tray of food. “Well, I can’t eat any more of this rat turd. Want to 
just head to the board now?”
“Sure,” I said. “We might be able to get a better spot.”
We made our way out of the hall and back outside. The sun shone brightly overhead, 
but with only buildings and artificial trees and shrubs surrounding us, the academy 
felt stifling.
“Are the engineering cadets separated into divisions as well?” I asked Nico as we 
walked.
My friend swayed his head side to side. “Yes and no. We—the more intellectual 
cadets—still have to use ki to create tools and gadgets, so they give priority to those 
who have a large ki pool, but it’s not as heavily weighted as for you martial cadets. I’ll
either be placed in first division, which is the fast track, or second division.”
“I wish it was that simple for us,” Cecilia said. “Why do martial cadets have divisions 
that go all the way down to five?”
Nico shrugged. “The way of life. Anyway, I hope you two get into the same division, if 
not the same class. That way, Grey, you can mess up any boy who comes too close to 
Cecilia.”
I couldn’t help but smile at that. Nico said it lightly but I could tell he was embarrassed 
by his words. Even after all these years, Nico still hadn’t said anything about his 
feelings for Cecilia.
By the time we arrived at the large courtyard where the board would be updated, there 
was already a large crowd of cadets trying to inch as close to the board as possible.
“Looks like everyone here had the same idea we did,” Cecilia muttered.
“No choice but to plow through,” Nico said as he pushed me forward. “Lead the way, 
cadet!”
After several minutes of squeezing through hundreds of cadets, we made it close 
enough to the board that we could read the large words being loaded up onto the 
screen.
“Nico, your bottom lip is bleeding!” Cecilia exclaimed. “Did you get hit?”
“Alas, I did not come out unscathed—I took a stray elbow to my face in order to protect 
you!” Nico said dramatically.
I shook my head. “Nico chews his lip when he’s nervous, frustrated, concentrating, or 
all of the above. He probably bit down too hard.”
Nico clicked his tongue. “Smartass.”
Just then, the screen flickered and lit up. Words—names and numbers—appeared on 
the screen in rows. The cadets behind us pushed us forward as they all tried to get as 
close as possible to find their names.
I found Nico’s fairly easily. He had been placed in division one, class one—the highest 
tier. I saw Vlair Ambrose’s name next; he was division one, class five of the martial 
cadet list, meaning he had barely made it to first division. Cecilia’s name came into 
view next, and the restrained squeal of delight told me she had found her name as 
well.
I looked down, searching for my name, but the lower my line of sight fell, the more my 
heart sank. The lower the names appeared, the lower their division and class was. 
Cecilia’s name had appeared fairly early, since she had been placed in division two, 
class four. By the time I found my name, I knew my goal of excelling in the academy 
and getting strong enough to find and take down the people that killed Headmaster 
Wilbeck was going to be much harder than I thought.
I mumbled my name and division, saying it over and over just in case I had read wrong. 
“Grey. Division four, class one.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
My eyes crept open and I saw the familiar ceiling of my room back in the floating castle. 
I was thankful that I hadn’t experienced another nightmare, but the dream had still 
left an incredibly bitter taste in my mouth.
“Time to get up, Syl—” I caught myself, remembering that my bond was in the medical 
ward of the castle.
Yesterday seemed more like a dream than the dream I’d actually just had. Fortunately, 
we had only needed to travel to the nearest major city that had a teleportation gate. 
Several soldiers had to help carry Sylvie from the site of our battle to the gate and 
through it, but she made it safely back and was being treated.
They hadn’t let me see Mica at all—she had been taken into custody for questioning. 
Varay and Bairon had gone to meet with the dwarven Lance in case she’d decided to 
fight back, but she had come back willingly. By the time I had returned to the castle at 
about midday, Rahdeas had already been placed in one of the cells, to be interrogated 
at a later time, along with Uto.
Staring outside as I stood in the shower, I realized that it was early morning, which 
meant I had slept through the rest of the day yesterday, and all through the night. I still 
felt sluggish and hot from backlash, but sleeping for over eighteen hours seemed to 
have done wonders for me.
As I got out of the shower, I heard footsteps in the hallway. They stopped in front of 
my room, and I didn’t even give the person the chance to knock before I called out, 
“Who is it?”
An unfamiliar voice, a woman’s, sounded from the other side of the door. “General 
Arthur. I was instructed to help you get ready and escort you to the meeting hall.”
Looking down at the scars covering my dripping body, I suddenly felt uncomfortable
at the thought of anyone seeing them. The scars the witch-like retainer had left on my 
neck and left hand were the worst, but they were just two of many that littered my 
body. Mana and Sylvie’s dragon will helped my recovery rate tremendously, but that 
only meant the scars formed faster to seal the wounds; it didn’t make my skin pearly 
new.
“I’m almost done; just wait there for a minute,” I said, hurriedly putting on trousers 
and a tunic with a high collar, and covering my hands with thin gloves. It was no longer 
necessary to hide my scars, since the traitors had been captured, but I felt better doing 
so.
I made sure Dawn’s Ballad was safely inside my dimension ring, along with Uto’s 
severed horns, then readied my mind for the endless strategic meetings and
questionings to come.
The immaculately-dressed elven secretary accompanied me to the meeting room. Our 
short walk was filled with awkward silence.
I wanted to stop by my sister’s room, but the elf insisted that the meeting took 
precedence. My eyes drifted through the halls as we walked and I found myself 
searching for any familiar face—but mostly Tess. Probably because of that damned 
scene I had imagined—us hugging each other, about to kiss.
When I asked, the secretary informed me— to my disappointment and worry—that 
Tessia and her team had gone back to their post in the Beast Glades.
“When did they leave?” I asked.
“Yesterday at sunrise, General Arthur,” she replied almost robotically, just as we 
reached the entrance to the meeting room.
The guards on each side of the entrance had slid their wooden door open upon seeing 
us approach, then immediately stepped aside, thumping the hilts of their spears on 
the ground in salute. “General.”
I dismissed the secretary and walked into the circular room, meeting the gaze of the 
Council members and other Lances.
It didn’t take long for the meeting to begin once we had all gathered—minus Aldir, our 
missing ambassador for the asuras. However, with Rahdeas and Olfred no longer on 
the Council, the once-cramped meeting room seemed eerily spacious.
We had barely taken our seats before King Glayder unleashed his anger. Slamming his 
fist against the circular table, the burly king roared, “What was the point of Lord Aldir 
taking control of the artifact if he was just going to run off to who knows where?”
“This isn’t the time to be blowing up about something we can’t change,” Alduin 
snapped in irritation.
“He’s right,” Priscilla Glayder agreed. “There are more urgent things we need to 
discuss if we are to recover from this setback.”
Blaine looked at his wife incredulously, but the queen ignored her husband’s gaze.
Merial, who sat beside her husband, finally peeled her eyes away from the stack of 
parchment she had been going through and spoke. “I’ve gathered and read through 
several accounts of what transpired, including one from Aya. But I think it’s best if we 
start with Arthur’s account of events.”
“I agree,” Virion spoke, turning his tired eyes to me. The man had been old for as long 
as I had known him, but these past few years had really taken a toll on his body and 
psyche. This was evidenced by the deep, dark bags under his eyes and the way his face 
had contorted into a perpetual frown.
Blaine’s deep red hair was practically ablaze as he leaned back in his seat, simmering 
like a flame eager to be fed the fuel that would allow him to unleash his anger once 
more.
“Sure,” I said, resting my arms on the table. Normally, the Lances stood behind their 
respective artifact holder, but considering the fact that there were extra seats available 
and that even standing took a toll on my fatigued body, I had been allowed to sit down.
Recapping the events since the day Olfred, Mica, and I had set off on our mission didn’t 
take long. The members of the Council stopped me when they needed clarification or 
further details, but otherwise they let me talk.
Aside from the detail that it wasn’t me who had defeated Uto, but rather his ally, I told 
the Council everything I knew. By the end of my story, Virion nodded thoughtfully.
“How is it that Arthur has not yet reached the white core stage, but was still able to 
defeat not one but two retainers, while another Lance was killed so easily?” Blaine 
asked, suspicion lacing his voice.
Virion’s eyes narrowed. “Why are you so skeptical of General Arthur?”
“I would simply like to know how he came out victorious in both cases. Perhaps with 
that knowledge, we can better prepare the rest of the Lances for future battles against 
the retainers and Scythes,” Blaine said with a shrug, but the hostility in his voice was 
clear.
Priscilla put a placating hand on her husband’s arm, trying to intervene. “Dear—”
“King Blaine has a point,” I cut in. “The first retainer I fought wasn’t as strong as Uto—
the retainer we now have imprisoned. Even then, I came away with a broken asuraforged sword and these scars.”
There was surprise on the faces of everyone except Virion when I took the glove off of 
my left hand and pulled down on my tunic to expose my neck, but no one said a word.
I continued. “Uto, on the other hand, could have killed me—and Sylvie—on sight, but 
that wasn’t what he was after. His only motivation seemed to be enjoying a good battle. 
When I turned out not to pose that much of a threat, he lowered his guard to try and 
incite me into a fit of rage. Sylvie and I were able to capitalize on his carelessness and 
destroy his horns.”
Varay Aurae’s clear voice rang out from behind Priscilla. “How did you know that 
destroying the Vritra’s horns would have any effect on his ability to fight?”
I shook my head. “I didn’t. I doubt even the asuras knew, otherwise they would’ve told 
us. But I remembered the late Lance, Alea, saying how furious Uto had been when 
she’d chipped off a fragment of his horn.”
It wasn’t the most well-thought-out lie, but mentioning Alea seemed to convince even 
Blaine and Bairon, who had both been studying me critically throughout my story. It 
felt wrong to deceive everyone, especially Virion. But I didn’t trust anyone else at this 
point, and I knew that telling Virion the truth now—without any idea of what Seris’s 
goal was—would only burden the commander more.
“The retainer’s power seemed to diminish significantly after we destroyed his 
horns”—I emphasized the word ‘destroyed’—“and we managed, barely, to overpower 
him. After securing Uto, the next thing I remember is General Aya waking me up.”
“Thank you,” Virion said after a brief pause. “Queen Priscilla, would you like to go over 
the next order of business?”
With a nod, the queen spoke. “The most crucial factor in this war right now is our 
alliance with the dwarves. With Rahdeas imprisoned and being held for questioning, 
we have no one to effectively lead the dwarves. Furthermore, after General Arthur’s 
reconnaissance in Darv, it’s obvious that either a faction or multiple factions of them 
are willfully assisting the Alacryan army.”
“What if we send forces from Sapin into Darv to oversee the dwarves?” Alduin 
suggested.
King Blaine, who had since calmed down, shook his head. “A human military presence 
would only frighten the dwarves more—convince them that we want to control them. 
Things will get even more out of hand if we force our way into this.”
An idea flickered to life in my mind, but the rest of the Lances were staying relatively 
silent and I wasn’t sure whether I had the authority to weigh in. Perhaps, I thought, 
the three Lances present simply weren’t knowledgeable in wide-scale military and 
political tactics, given their focus on combat. I decided to take the chance, and started 
off with a question. “Was Rahdeas’s capture made public?”
King Blaine raised a brow. “No, it wasn’t. One of the reasons we called this meeting is 
to discuss how to handle the traitor and the fact that we’re down one Lance and can’t 
replace him since our asura ambassador has gone on a little vacation.”
“Then why not use that to our advantage?” I suggested, hoping someone would catch 
on.
Thankfully, Virion did. His face lit up the way it used to when Tessia and I were just 
children. “Brilliant! Arthur, remind me never to fight a war against you.”
Virion didn’t have to explain much before everyone else in the room caught on and 
began offering insights on actualizing my inkling of an idea. The people here were 
smart after all.
Basically, the Council would carry on as if Rahdeas had never been captured. They 
would have to make Rahdeas reveal how he communicated with his people, but then 
they’d be able to send orders as if they were from Rahdeas himself.
“We wouldn’t be able to make any radical changes right away—like having them 
immediately go against the Alacryans, since Rahdeas was so adamant about helping 
them—but we can at least secure information by posing as him,” Merial said excitedly. 
The atmosphere in the room became a bit lighter as hope slowly bubbled up.
The next item on the agenda was discussing how to proceed with General Mica’s 
questioning and Uto’s interrogation.
“I will conduct General Mica’s questioning, while General Aya will be handling the 
Vritra we have imprisoned,” Virion announced. “However, Rahdeas’s interrogation 
should take precedence at this point, to secure the dwarves’ allegiance. Anyone think 
otherwise?”
The rest of us shook our heads. We all agreed; getting control of Darv was crucial in 
winning this war.
“Good,” Virion continued. “Then we’ll table the details regarding General Mica’s and 
the retainer’s questioning until our next meeting.”
The Council continued, covering several more items on the agenda. Then Merial, who 
was organizing the stacks of parchment on the table, pulled out the next document to 
discuss. Her glance flickered to me and she hesitated a second, then handed it to her 
father-in-law.
Virion’s lips were set in a grim line as he read the report, but by the time he finished, 
there was a look of relief on his face as he passed the parchment back to Merial. “The 
next order of business is the supply road. There was another attack on one of our 
carriages transporting supplies to the Wall. Thankfully, the carriage was close enough 
to Blackbend City that reinforcements were able to get there in time.”
“Any deaths?” Priscilla asked.
“Three deaths and four injured, all of whom were merchants employed by the Helstea 
group,” Merial read aloud. “And General Arthur?” She looked at me, pausing for a beat. 
“You should know that the Twin Horns were involved. None of them were hurt—in 
fact, your mother was instrumental in the protection of the carriage.”
The only thing I was able to muster at that point was a weary nod. I was overcome 
with a feeling of having barely avoided death, and the three deaths that Merial had 
mentioned now sounded much more real. It could have been my parents, and I 
wouldn’t have been able to do anything about it.
“Damn those dwarves,” King Blaine muttered angrily. “As if the Alacryans weren’t 
enough of a pain in the ass! Now, because of them, our enemies have access to an 
underground network that leads who knows how far up the southern border of my 
kingdom.”
The conversation continued, but I was lost in thought for a time, their voices muffled 
by my own internal dialogue.
I had a thousand questions, but they were all personal. My parents and I had parted 
on less-than-ideal terms. My selfishness in wanting them hidden safely within the 
castle hadn’t helped to mend our relationship, which was still healing from my 
decision to reveal my secret. They’d told me they wanted to help out in the war, but 
the thought of them actually being in danger had never resurfaced until now.
I felt a growing temptation to just leave this room and go down to the surface to see 
my parents, but I knew they would disapprove of me abandoning my duties to just 
check in on them.
“Arthur?” a concerned voice said.
Snapping out of my daze, I looked back at the commander. “Sorry, I’m okay. Please 
continue.”
The Council was discussing better ways to optimize the supply routes from Blackbend, 
a major city near the southeast corner of Sapin, to the Wall.
“How about an underground route?” King Alduin suggested, pointing toward the 
center of the map they had unrolled.
King Blaine shook his head, leaning forward and indicating the area just below 
Blackbend. “The city is too close to the Kingdom of Darv. Our maps of the dwarven 
underground aren’t accurate enough for us to know what we’d be digging our way 
into. It’s too dangerous to try that until we secure our alliance with them.”
“What’s Blackbend like?” I asked, taking a close look at the map.
“Its economy centers around potato farmers from nearby villages and adventurers 
because of its proximity to the Beast Glades. The city is currently responsible for our 
supply of rations as well as the manufacturing of weapons—mainly arrows—for the 
soldiers, which is why it’s crucial for there to be a secure mode of transport to the 
Wall,” Queen Priscilla answered seriously.
“The terrain around it is mostly flat farmland, which makes it hard for carriages 
carrying supplies to go unnoticed,” Bairon added, speaking for the first time in this 
meeting.
“Thank you,” I said to them both. The queen’s information was interesting, but it also 
made me realize that my question had been vague. Bairon’s answer was what I needed 
to know.
While the Council discussed more ideas for how to better secure the supply route, my 
mind drifted to ways the people of this world wouldn’t be able to consider. Thinking 
back to the ship I had helped Gideon design a few years back, I looked at the map. 
Unfortunately, there was no river near the Wall or Blackbend City—but I had an idea.
“King Blaine,” I said, interrupting their discussion. “How many dwarves do you have 
who are adept in metal manipulation and can help us?”
“There are numerous metal mages—or metal shapers, as they call themselves—
among the dwarves, but those who are trustworthy enough for a large task…” The king 
paused to think for a second. “A handful, maybe.”
Queen Priscilla nodded in agreement.
I turned to Tess’s father. “King Alduin, how many elves adept in nature magic can you 
gather?”
The elven king looked at his wife as he rubbed his clean-shaven chin.
Merial began looking through another pile of papers, then Aya spoke up. “Four, 
currently on standby. The rest are on missions.”
“What’s this about?” Virion asked.
“Let me get back to you once I sort out the logistics of this idea with Gideon,” I said 
absentmindedly, the gears in my mind working furiously. This plan I was working on 
would ultimately speed up the process of transporting supplies, as well as keeping the 
passengers and workers—namely, my parents and the Twin Horns—safe.
The meeting concluded shortly thereafter. I was eager to leave the stifling room, but 
Virion held up a hand. “Before we depart, I wanted to address something.”
All eyes turned to him. Curious, I stood silently and waited for him to continue.
“In times of war, it’s impossible to acknowledge every deed accomplished. However, 
slaying not one, but two retainers”—the commanders’ gaze shifted from me to Aya—
“as well as eliminating a dangerous traitor and disrupting a scheme that could have 
potentially killed thousands of civilians… I think that calls for a reward of some kind.”
“Thank you, Commander Virion,” Aya said politely. “But what I did was to help us win 
this war, not for a personal reward.”
Virion nodded. “General Arthur? What about you?”
I’d learned from my past life that, in situations like this, it was best to dismiss the 
reward. I was tempted to just thank him for his kindness, but this was the perfect 
opportunity to address something that had been weighing on my mind since my battle 
against Uto.
“Actually, there is something I would like—rather, a few things,” I said innocently.
The two kings and queens looked at me in surprise, but Virion simply laughed. “Very 
well, let me hear them!”
——————————
I made my way to Ellie’s room so we could visit Sylvie together, feeling much more 
light-hearted—happy, even.
Virion had been stunned at first when I’d said I wanted to put off going on any 
missions for the near future. I didn’t blame him; we had just lost a Lance, possibly two. 
Me saying I wanted a break would take a huge toll on our side.
But I needed some time to train, and with the war escalating at the pace it was, I 
wouldn’t have much chance later on. Once I explained that, Virion agreed… somewhat.
“Two months is the most I can offer—even then I can’t promise you won’t be sent out 
if something major occurs,” he had said reluctantly.
‘Something major’ seemed a bit ambiguous, but it was fair.
“In addition, if you won’t be going on missions, I will expect you to take part in the 
Council meetings,” he had added. “If the past is any indication, I know having you here 
and weighing in with your thoughts will prove useful.”
This was a bit harder to swallow. Among the few things I dreaded—now and in my 
previous life—were meetings like the one today. However, I needed time to study and 
absorb those horns that the Scythe had called an ‘invaluable resource.’
“But how do you plan on training here in the castle?” Alduin had asked.
“It’s part of what I need next as my reward,” I answered, holding up four fingers. “I 
need four conjurers, each with a different elemental affinity.”
“Four?” Virion repeated. The members of the Council were obviously confused, but I 
knew by the glimmer in the Lances’ eyes that they understood what I had planned.
——————————
The halls were empty, so my walk to Ellie’s room went uninterrupted. I thought of how 
to greet my baby sister. I knew it was hard on her waiting for me and our parents, not 
knowing when we’d come back. So, being the considerate brother that I was, when I 
reached the large wooden door that had been remodeled to fit her bond, I knocked 
and wailed in a shrill breathy voice, “Ellie… it is the ghost of your brother. I have come 
to haunt you!”
I didn’t need to be a genius to deduce that my sister was less than amused when she 
coldly muttered from the other side of the door, “Boo, attack.” But it was only after the 
seven-hundred-pound bear came charging at me that I realized, perhaps, my sister’s 
sense of humor more closely resembled that of our mother.
Boo’s body slammed against me, sending me flying back to the other end of the hall. 
Impressed that the walls hadn’t crumbled from the impact, I pushed the hulking mana 
beast away and held him at arm’s length.
“Good to see you too, buddy,” I said, avoiding the pool of drool forming underneath 
him.
The beast grunted, spraying a mixture of saliva and froth on my face.
“Ghost? Really, Brother?” my sister grumbled, her arms crossed in mock anger.
I pushed Boo aside and wiped my dripping face with a sleeve. “I can’t say I didn’t 
deserve that.”
It didn’t take long for Ellie’s stern scowl to soften. She walked up and wrapped her 
arms around me. “Welcome back, Brother.”
I gently patted my sister’s head, and could feel the tension in my body unwinding for 
the first time since I had returned to the castle. “It’s good to be back.”
A bolt of light streaked through the trees, curving ever-so-slightly before reaching its 
target—a wooden post no larger than my head. There was a satisfying thud as the 
mana arrow lodged itself in the center of the post, creating a hole all the way through 
it before dissipating.
“Great shot!” I exclaimed, applauding.
My sister curtsied in response and her lips curved into a satisfied grin. “I know!” she 
said haughtily.
Stepping down from where she stood on top of Boo, her titanic bond lying lazily on his 
belly, Ellie skipped over to Sylvie and me. My sister picked up my bond. “What did you 
think, Sylvie? Are you impressed?”
“Very impressed,” she answered aloud, her gentle voice laced with fatigue.
“Sylvie’s still recovering, Ellie,” I scolded.
My sister set the white fox back down on the cushion she had been curled up on. 
“Sorry, Sylvie.”
It had been only two days since we had returned to the castle. Sylvie had just regained 
consciousness yesterday, but she was recovering at a remarkable rate. While Virion 
and the rest of the council gathered the four conjurers who would be stuck with me 
for the next two months, I was spending some time with my sister.
I was keeping the fact that our parents and the Twin Horns had been attacked a secret 
from Ellie. A part of me knew that she deserved to be told, but I also wanted to keep 
her ignorant for as long as possible.
A selfish wish from a selfish brother.
“So, can you fire that accurately while Boo is actually moving?” I asked with a grin, my 
gaze turning to the mana beast still drowsing flat on his belly.
Ellie sulked at my jab. “Ugh, not yet. Helen made it look so easy when she showed me, 
but I haven’t been able to land a single decent shot while Boo’s moving. It doesn’t help 
that the klutz runs like he’s purposely trying to throw me off his back.”
The bear-like creature let out a grunt of denial.
“You do so!” my sister shot back, and bent down to pick up her bow.
My gaze fell to her hand as she reached for the weapon. Calluses covered her fingers, 
and freshly-formed welts filled in the few places on her hand that weren’t already 
hardened from overuse.
“How much time do you spend practicing, El?” I asked.
My sister thought for a second before answering. “I don’t really keep track, but the sun 
goes down while I train so—maybe about six or seven hours?”
My eyes widened. “Every day?”
Ellie simply shrugged. “I guess so.”
“What about studying, or playing with friends?”
“The classes in the castle are only once a week, and I can finish the study material they 
give me in a day,” she answered. Ellie hesitated, then continued. “And as for friends, I’ll 
have you know I’m very popular.”
“Really?” I said with a raised brow.
Caving under my unrelenting gaze, she burst out:“Well, it’s not my fault that I have 
absolutely no interest in the things they talk about. How is it possible for anyone to 
talk nonstop about boys and clothes for hours?”
“I’m sure there are a few kids your age with an interest in magic,” I prodded, trying 
hard not to laugh.
Realizing that our conversation wasn’t going to end soon, my sister pulled out a chair 
and sat down. “Well, there were a few—but when they awakened, their parents moved 
out of the castle, or just sent the kids to one of the major cities to have them board at 
a magic school.”
Not many children would have had the connections my sister had to be taught by a 
mage in this castle. And it was understandable that parents would still want their 
children to be taught how to utilize their newly-formed core, even with the potential 
danger of the war reaching them.
I looked at my sister as she fiddled with the string of her bow, then carefully asked, 
“Did you want to attend a magic academy as well?”
“Of course,” she answered without hesitation, “but I know you, Mom, and Dad would 
all worry.”
I winced at my sister’s words. She was only twelve, but her words reflected a maturity 
that I wasn’t quite sure I wanted her to have. From my own experience, I knew what it 
was like to grow up too fast. It was yet another selfish wish of mine that my sister 
could remain the innocent little girl who worried only about what to wear to her 
friend’s birthday party.
Pushing aside my thoughts, I shot her a gentle smile. “I’ll talk to Mom and Dad when I 
get the chance and ask them about sending you to school.”
Ellie’s eyes widened. “Really?”
“Assuming they give you the okay, I’ll still want to send a guard with you to protect you 
in case anything happens. I know it can be a bit stifling to have someone with you at 
all times, so I’ll try to find someone you’ll be comfortable with, but—”
My sister barreled straight into, throwing her arms around me in a firm embrace. 
“Thanks, Brother.”
“Don’t get your hopes up too high,” I replied, my voice coming out as a wheeze as she 
squeezed me.
“Too late!” she giggled, releasing me before picking up her bow. “I’m going to have to 
practice harder if I want to beat those snooty nobles.”
I continued my role as an enthusiastic spectator, relishing the clear skies and the sweet 
scent of morning dew on the grass field. Ellie continued to fire off mana arrows at 
faraway targets with uncanny accuracy. It would be a long time before she would be 
as comfortable with the bow as Helen Shard, but she had her own strength that the 
leader of the Twin Horns couldn’t hope to replicate.
Ellie had yet to develop an affinity toward an element, so she was limited to firing pure 
mana. It was a shame that there wasn’t much I could do to help her develop an 
affinity—that was mostly dependent on her own insights—but it was exciting to see 
her grow and develop.
‘Your thoughts make it seem like you wish to have offspring of your own.’ Sylvie’s voice 
suddenly intruding into my head startled me.
“Offspring?” I said aloud, startling my sister.
Ellie’s mana arrow arched off-course at the sky, dissipating before it hit the castle 
barrier. “What?”
“Nothing,” I smiled, sneaking a sharp glare at my bond when my sister turned away.
Sylvie shifted on her cushion, looking at me with an expression of amusement on her 
shrewd, vulpine face.
Go back to sleep, I sent, grumbling in my mind.
I continued watching Ellie’s seemingly repetitive motions—murmuring, drawing her 
bow while a translucent arrow formed between her two fingers, steadying her aim, 
then firing.
She skipped the chanting process for the types of arrows she was more versed in, but 
sometimes she needed to describe the kind of arrow she wanted so she could shape 
the mana accurately. By the thirtieth arrow she fired, I wondered how Boo was able to 
sleep so easily with Ellie on his back.
“General Arthur?” a voice called from behind me.
My eyes snapped open and I turned around to see a middle-aged elf holding a 
clipboard. She was garbed in white attire which oddly resembled a lab coat from my 
former world. What really caught my attention, though, was the color of her eyes—or 
rather, colors. A ring of bright pink surrounded each of her pupils, then shifted into a 
bright blue on the outer rim of her irises.
Noticing my fixed gaze, she bowed, perhaps thinking I expected a formal greeting.
The elf straightened, standing as if her back was glued to a wooden plank, and 
announced, “Artificer Gideon has arrived at the castle and is expecting you.”
“You’re going?” my sister asked, slinging her bow over her shoulder.
“Yup. I have some things to discuss with the old man,” I replied. I headed off behind 
the unusual elf, then turned and said to my sister, “I most likely won’t be able to eat
dinner with you, so don’t wait up.”
She nodded. “Gotcha. Say hi to Emily for me if you get the chance to see her.”
“Will do.”
‘I’ll stay here with Eleanor,’ Sylvie said groggily.
Sure. I’ll update you when I get back, Sylv.
I trailed silently behind the elven secretary as she led the way with confident steps.
“Is there a name I can address you by?” I asked.
The elf stopped abruptly, bowing so deeply that her blond hair, tied firmly into a 
ponytail, flipped over her head. “Forgive me for not introducing myself. My name is 
Alanis Emeria. I have been personally assigned by Commander Virion to be your 
attendant.”
I dipped my head in response to her greeting. “Well, Alanis, it’s nice to meet you, but I 
have a hard time believing you’re merely an attendant, considering the amount of 
mana you have concealed.”
The elf blinked, her multicolored eyes shining, but otherwise looked unfazed. “As 
expected of a Lance. Allow me to clarify. I have been assigned by Commander Virion 
to be your attendant while you undergo your training here. It was my wish to meet 
you as soon as possible.”
I didn’t quite understand what her role as my attendant during training would entail, 
but before I had the chance to ask, I spotted Gideon’s familiar frame running toward 
us.
“I came as soon as I heard from Commander Virion!” he huffed excitedly, his voice 
echoing as he ran down the narrow hall toward me. He was a sweaty mess. “What sort 
of ingenious idea do you have in that god-sent cranium of yours?”
The old artificer barely managed to wait until we reached one of the empty rooms 
used for meetings by nobles or military leaders. “Out with it, boy!” Gideon gushed as 
soon as Alanis closed the door behind us. “And is it all right for the elf to be hearing 
this?”
My elven attendant cast a disapproving gaze toward Gideon at his overly-casual 
address, but said nothing.
The old artificer fidgeted in his seat in anticipation, much like an excited child waiting 
for a present. Taking a closer look at him, it was hard to imagine I’d known this old 
grandpa for more than ten years. The wrinkles between his brows and around his 
mouth had deepened in that time, no doubt because of how much time he spent 
frowning or scowling in frustration.
“Everyone’s going to know sooner or later, and she’s apparently my personal 
attendant, starting today, so it’s better to have her informed, right?” I asked, turning 
to Alanis.
“Part of my job is to lessen other burdens while you focus on training, so yes, it would 
be helpful for me to stay informed,” she said, her pink-and-blue eyes seeming to 
change shades.
“More training? How much more can you train after being personally taught by gods? 
Asuras, I mean,” he pondered, rubbing his stubbly chin.
“There’s always room for more training,” I said, dismissing the thought. “But getting 
back on topic, what’s the current state of the mines where we excavated the fuel 
source for our ships?”
Gideon’s eyes lit up. “Oh, the combustium mines? There are five major sites still being 
excavated.”
I raised a brow. “Combustium?”
“I made up the name myself,” the artificer grinned. “You told me I’d need a mineral 
with set characteristics capable of fueling the steam engine we designed—I think you 
called it coal? Anyway, of all the minerals currently known, which aren’t many, only 
one of them produced the amount of energy needed to efficiently power an entire ship. 
The characteristics are a bit different from the ‘coal’ you mentioned, so I decided to 
name it something else. Anyway, this stuff is amazing. Ten pounds of combustium can 
power an entire ship for about a dozen miles at full speed!”
“That’s great to hear,” I said, cutting Gideon off. Afraid he’d go further off on this 
tangent, I got straight to the point. “What I have planned involves using coa—
combustium for a different mode of transportation; specifically, a ship that’ll be used 
to travel over land.”
“A landship?”
I nodded. “Except I was thinking of calling it a train.”
“‘Train’?” Gideon echoed incredulously. “From what poor mana beast’s ass did you pull 
a name like that?”
“Do you want the blueprints or not?” I scoffed.
Gideon raised his arms placatingly. “Train it is.”
The old artificer quickly set up a small workspace, practically dumping an entire lab 
out of the dimension ring he wore on his thumb. Once he was ready, I started to walk 
him through the design. While Gideon caught on quickly to how the train would work, 
it still took a few hours to explain the details of how the railways and stops functioned. 
I didn’t realize how much time had passed until my stomach suddenly twisted and 
grumbled in hunger.
“I think I covered everything you need to get started,” I said, scanning the designs and 
specifications on the large parchment we had hung on the back wall of the meeting 
room.
“This is going to change everything,” Gideon muttered, more to himself than to Alanis 
or me. “The rivers are going to be a pain in the ass if we want to connect Blackbend 
City to Kalberk or Eksire, but with a few water and earth mages—”
“Let’s focus on the railway from Blackbend to the Wall,” I interrupted. “Of course, 
creating railways to other major cities will be important, but first we need to create a 
secure route for supplies heading to the Grand Mountains if we want our troops there 
to survive.”
“Of course, but this…” Gideon paused for a second as he scrutinized the large map of 
Dicathen we had rolled out on the table. “We’ll be able to form new major cities with 
this.”
I respected Gideon for his boundless vision, but it was frustrating having to keep him 
on track. However, his last statement piqued my curiosity.
“What do you mean by forming new major cities?” I asked, looking over the map.
To my surprise, Alanis, who had been dead silent up until now, spoke. “I think what 
Artificer Gideon means is that, until now, the locations of cities in all three kingdoms 
were determined by where we found or excavated teleportation gates. If this idea 
comes to fruition, a secure mode of transportation that can carry mass supplies and 
goods in addition to people—even if it’s not nearly as fast as the gates, it will allow us 
to build major cities in any location.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself,” Gideon said approvingly.
Feeling stiff, I stretched my arms and back. “Glad to see my ideas changing the course 
of history.”
“Boy, saying something like that so flippantly to a renowned artificer… I should just 
hand over my brown robe and take up a new hobby.” Gideon grumbled helplessly. “I’ve 
always had a knack for fishing.”
“You can’t retire just yet,” I smirked, heading to the door. “You’re in charge of pitching 
this idea to the Council at their next meeting.”
“Me? As much as I love the limelight, why are you letting me take credit for this?” 
Gideon asked.
“It’ll be easier to garner the Council’s support if the idea comes from a ‘renowned 
artificer.’ We’ll need their help if you want to get a team of capable conjurers, and some 
merchants or adventurers familiar with the area, to help map out the best route from 
Blackbend to the Wall,” I answered, mentally checking off some of the things we’d 
need. “Anyway, I’m starving. I’m going to go see what I can scavenge from the food 
hall.”
“I can have the chef prepare a balanced meal and deliver it to your room,” Alanis 
suggested.
I waved my hand in dismissal. “It’s okay. No reason to trouble the chef just for me.”
“Wait! How soon are you going back out to the field?” Gideon asked.
I looked over my shoulder at him. “I’m staying for a couple of months. I’ll mostly be 
down in the training space, but I’ll stop by to check in and see how you’re doing, if 
that’s what you’re asking.”
The old artificer scoffed, rolling his eyes. “I’m honored, but that’s not what why I asked. 
Emily’s been working on a few things that need to be tested.”
“You’re asking a general to be your test dummy?” I asked, still smirking.
“Relax, O Great One. I promise they’ll be helpful to you as well. I looked over them 
myself—although I don’t like to admit it, if the artifact works, it’ll change the way both 
conjurers and augmenters train.”
I shifted my gaze to Alanis, who also showed a degree of curiosity. “Well, you’ll have to 
convince my training attendant.”
The old artificer laughed gruffly as I walked out the doors. Behind me I could hear him 
muttering to himself, “The kid’s come a long way.”
With my stomach filled with leftovers and Alanis, my training attendant, dismissed for 
the night, I retrieved Sylvie from Ellie and returned to my room.
“Are you ready?” I asked my bond, who had been waiting on the bed while I’d taken a 
shower.
“So. What is it you’re so excited about?” she replied, fidgeting in her fox form.
It hadn’t been easy to keep my thoughts away from the “loot” I’d gotten fighting Uto, 
but I had wanted to surprise Sylvie. I had distracted myself by thinking random 
thoughts and numbers on our way back to confuse her.
After making sure the door was locked and activating both earth and wind perception 
spells, I finally withdrew the two obsidian horns from my ring.
My bond’s sharp eyes widened as she gazed at the black crystals that had once been 
embedded in the retainer’s skull. “Don’t tell me…”
“Yup,” I said excitedly. “They’re Uto’s horns.”
“Why?” she asked, confused.
Realizing she had never heard the full story, I summarized everything that had 
happened after she’d been knocked out while saving me from Uto’s last attack.
By the time I had finished my story, Sylvie’s vulpine face was twisted with a mixture 
of emotions.
“It’s scary to think how easily we could’ve been killed,” she said after a long pause.
I nodded. “I couldn’t do anything when Seris showed up. But if she hadn’t, I’m not sure 
we would’ve been able to defeat Uto.”
“It seems like as we grow stronger, so do our enemies,” she sighed. Her gaze shifted 
back to the two horns on the bed. “So these horns supposedly contain vast amounts of 
mana that you can extract? Is it really safe to trust the Scythe?”
“Considering that the asuras are forbidden by the treaty from helping us anymore, and 
that Seris could have killed me on the spot if she’d wanted to, I don’t think it’s too 
much of a risk.”
Sylvie thought for a moment, and pawed at the horns. Each one was the size of her 
head. “Well… if they help you get into white core, it’ll certainly help us.”
I picked up one of the horns. “This will be enough for me. You extract the other one.”
My bond opened her mouth, ready to argue, but I cut her off. “You said you’re still 
undergoing the awakening process that Lord Indrath insisted on. I know you’ve been 
constantly extracting ambient mana, which is why you’ve been sleeping more. I’m sure 
extracting mana from Uto’s horn will help quicken that process.”
“To be honest, I haven’t been trying too hard to hasten the awakening process,” Sylvie 
replied. “I’m afraid that, when I awaken as a full asura, I won’t be able to assist you 
anymore.”
“You nearly died in that last fight, Sylv,” I said, putting my hand on her small head. 
“Besides, your mother cast a pretty powerful spell before you were born to conceal 
you. It’s why even in your draconic form, no one was able to tell you were an asura.”
“Grandfather mentioned that, but as I get stronger, it’s going to be harder to hide what 
I am,” Sylvie replied bitterly.
A wave of grief flooded my mind, and I could feel the bits and pieces of the story Lord 
Indrath had told Sylvie about her mother.
“I’m not exactly sure what’s going to happen when you get strong enough to awaken, 
but we’ll overcome that hurdle once we get there,” I comforted her.
“We always do,” she agreed with a smile.
Holding the black horn gingerly in my hands, I glanced at Sylvie. “So… should we start 
now?”
Sylvie placed a paw on the horn in front of her. “I don’t see why not.”
After repositioning myself more comfortably, I took a deep breath. I started slow, 
probing the insides of the horn with a thread of my mana.
With elixirs, the contents of a container would be distributed upon contact with a 
mage’s purified mana. With the horns, however, there was no noticeable reaction even 
after I searched deeper.
Minutes trickled by, but I found no sign of anything stored within Uto’s horns. I was 
beginning to consider the possibility that the mana might have dispersed when the 
horns were severed from the retainer’s head, when suddenly an indescribable force
pulled at my very mind.
Unlike any elixir—or any thing, for that matter—I’d used in the past, this seemed to 
be sucking my consciousness in.
I felt a surge of panic as I realized I was blacking out.
Quite literally. A shroud of shadow spread, obscuring my vision and all my other 
senses, until there was nothing but darkness.
Calm down, Arthur. You’re still safely inside your room.
But that didn’t help me at all. The fact that my mind had been forced into a certain 
state and was vulnerable scared me. Coming to this world, I was born with a new 
body—new physical features that took me years to adjust to—but my mind had been 
the same through both lives. My brain—at least, the parts of it responsible for my 
memories and personality—had been mine throughout my years as both Grey and 
Arthur.
Right now, though, my consciousness was completely at the mercy of whatever force 
had dragged me into… wherever I was.
I was surrounded in darkness, but it wasn’t pitch black. The shadows around me 
warped and stirred, like various shades of dark ink. It was a surreal feeling—
perceiving something without a body. Somehow, I could feel the force around me, 
slithering in the darkness, but I didn’t have a physical form.
After what felt like hours of floating mindlessly in the sea of darkness, the force 
surrounding me slowly began shifting. This was different from the erratic, chaotic 
movements it had made up until now; the shadows felt like they were being pulled 
away. The obsidian veil slowly began lifting, and what it revealed wasn’t the view of 
my own room I had been expecting.
No. I was standing in front of an unfamiliar man, inside an extravagant cathedral with 
a vaulted ceiling, beautiful stained glass, and endless rows of pews packed with 
observers practically glowing in reverence. The man, who appeared no older than my 
father, wore a ceremonial robe and was kneeling in front of me in respect.
“Speak,” I snapped impatiently—but the voice that came out wasn’t mine. It was Uto’s. 
Even the word I had uttered wasn’t my own choice.
“I, Karnal of Blood Vale, tier seven mage, humbly come before you to seek your 
guidance,” the man stated, his gaze lowered so I could only see the crown of his short 
ash-brown hair.
A feeling of annoyance bubbled up in ‘me,’ but was replaced with resignation.
The voice that had replaced my own spoke with restrained courtesy. “Vale… While 
your line is thin of Vritra blood, your ancestors have served us well. Remove your 
robe.”
Karnal bowed deeper in gratitude before slipping out of his black ceremonial robe. He 
then turned around to show me his back. There was an engraving down his spine—it 
seemed to be three separate imprints, by the spacing.
A thin figure standing off to the side, its face covered by a loose hood, took a step 
toward me and read aloud from a book, “One mark upon awakening, and two crests: 
one earned for an act of valor and another unlocked through mastery of initial mark.”
Unceremoniously, I nodded and told him to dress.
Still kneeling with his back to me, Karnal put his robe back on before turning to face 
me. His gaze was still lowered, which seemed to bore ‘me.’ I was aware of the thoughts 
of the person I was inhabiting; they seeped into me, revealing his inner feelings. He—
I—seemed to be vaguely impressed that the lesser in front of me had managed to 
unlock a crest by mastering the mark he had been given, but the fact that both crests 
were of defensive magic dampened ‘my’ mood.
“For your loyalty to the nation of Vechor and excellence in the last battle against the 
nation of Sehz-Clar, I—Uto, retainer of Kiros Vritra—grant your entry into the 
Obsidian Vault for the chance to earn an emblem.”
The crowd that had gathered to watch the mundane spectacle burst into applause and 
cheering. The man kneeling in front of me allowed himself to shed a single tear before 
he rose to his feet and finally met my eyes. He raised his right fist over his heart and 
held his left palm over his sternum in a traditional salute. “For the glory of Vechor and 
Alacrya. For the Vritra!”
“For the glory of Vechor and Alacrya. For the Vritra!” the audience behind him roared 
in unison.
The scene distorted, and I found myself sitting back on my bed. An umbral, haze-like 
substance was spilling out of the horn I held, and was being sucked into the center of 
my right palm—where Wren Kain had embedded the acclorite.
I quickly dropped the horn, moving my hand as far away from it as possible. I took a 
moment to inspect my mana core; to my dismay, there was no sign of my core 
improving even a shred.
“Damn it,” I grumbled. I had wanted the mana from Uto’s horn to be absorbed by my 
core, but instead it had been siphoned into the acclorite.
Just like Wren Kain had warned, the gem was capable of altering, depending on the 
changes in my body, my actions and even thoughts. The acclorite was constantly 
feeding off the mana inside me, constantly molding its eventual form—so to say that 
the introduction of Uto’s mana to the gem filled me with unease was an 
understatement.
What’s done is done. I didn’t like the idea of my future weapon resembling Uto’s 
powers, but at this point, anything that hastened the process would help.
Turning to Sylvie, I wasn’t surprised to find her still absorbing the contents of the horn, 
and unlike me, she seemed to be having an easy enough time absorbing the foreign 
mana. What did surprise me was the fact that the sun was already coming up.
I had spent the entire night reliving one of Uto’s memories—which led me to the 
question: What did that memory even mean?
The actual event occurring in the memory wasn’t very cryptic, but there had been so 
many unknown terms thrown around that it felt overwhelming.
I knew from overhearing the word ‘blood’ inside the cavern in Darv that it was most 
likely their term for family, but other words—like mark, crest, and emblem—flew over 
my head. I knew what they meant in the context of my own world, but they had used 
them as if they meant something else entirely. These marks or crests—whatever they 
were—were apparently either earned or unlocked. Or was that only the case for the 
person kneeling?
But when Uto declared that the person—Karnal—would be granted a chance to earn 
an ‘emblem,’ everyone had seemed to be ecstatic. Ignoring the ominous name of 
Obsidian Vault— which frankly sounded like some storybook warlock’s evil lair where 
he held his stolen treasures—the man himself had clearly been proud. This meant that 
even the chance to earn an emblem was a big deal.
Another series of questions that came to mind pertained to the mention of Vechor—a 
nation presumably at war with Sehz-Clar, another nation. From the salute, I could 
extrapolate that the nation of Vechor was part of Alacrya. And assuming that the 
asuras were correct that Epheotus, Alacrya and Dicathen were the only three 
continents in this world, that would mean Sehz-Clar was another nation in Alacrya.
Why would two nations of the same continent we were at war with be fighting 
amongst each other? Maybe the nations had sworn allegiance during this war? Or was 
there a separate international army, training together in order to dispel any enmity 
that members of the various nations had toward one another?
I shook my head, physically trying to get rid of the never-ending stream of questions 
and thoughts running rampant in my mind.
This memory had made me curious, though. I made a mental note to learn more about 
this—perhaps even from Uto himself. The Council had ordered our forces to take in 
prisoners when possible to interrogate them, but in most cases, the prisoner either 
committed suicide or was too low in the chain of command to know anything useful. 
This was the first time we’d had a potential source of real information in our hands—
though knowing him, he’d make us work for it.
I was beginning to fall into another bottomless ditch of questions. Thankfully, just then 
there was a perfectly cadenced series of knocks at my door. The knocking sounded 
more like someone was hammering a nail into it.
“General Arthur. It’s Alanis Emeria. I am here to escort you to the training grounds to 
meet with the four training assistants you requested,” she said in a clear, clipped voice.
“Coming,” I replied, chuckling to myself. It’s not just her speech; even her knocking’s 
robotic.
Without washing up, I changed into a more close-fitting outfit, suitable for sparring, 
then followed my personal training attendant to the training ground on the lower 
floor. I debated whether to take Sylvie with me, but decided it’d be best not to disturb
her.
On our way down, we ran into Emily Watsken—or rather she ran into us.
“So sorry!” she huffed. Most of her face was hidden behind a large box, which she was 
attempting to carry on her own.
“Here, let me get that.” I took the box out of her arms, surprised by its heft.
“Thank you… oh, Arth—General Arthur! Perfect timing!” The artificer was practically 
gasping for breath, but a wide smile crossed her face when she recognized whom she’d 
almost trampled.
Emily turned to Alanis, adjusting her glasses. “And you must be Alanis. It’s a pleasure 
to meet you.”
“Likewise,” the elf replied, but her manner in no way indicated this. “I assume you are 
Emily Watsken. I was informed we would be collaborating in our efforts to assist in 
General Arthur’s training.”
By the wrinkle between Emily’s brows, she seemed to have been processing Alanis’s 
string of words, but finally she nodded. “Yes! And as you’ll soon see, I think your 
particular magic and the set of artifacts I made will work nicely with each other.”
“I’m glad you two are getting along, but let’s get to the training room. This box feels 
like it’s actually gaining weight,” I joked, shifting the large box in my arms.
“Oh! Sorry, and thank you for carrying it. I thought my arms were going to fall out of 
their sockets,” Emily said, hurrying down the hall toward the entrance to the room, 
which was just up ahead. “Come on, everyone’s waiting!”
I didn’t know what I had expected of my sparring partners. My request had been fairly 
last-minute, so somewhere in the back of my head I had thought they would just be 
soldiers from inside the castle.
There were quite a few conjurers and augmenters who were assigned here, as a 
precaution to keep the castle residents safe. I had noticed early on that many of them 
were quite capable, so any one of them would have been a reasonable choice for a 
training partner.
But the presence of three elders, each of them obviously powerful, on the training 
grounds, alongside Kathyln and a smug-looking Virion, took me by surprise.
“Ah, you’re here!” Virion bolted up to his feet, taking the box from my hands and setting 
it on the ground before guiding me toward the group. “I want you to meet everyone.”
I looked back over my shoulder to see Emily waving me goodbye like a mother sending 
her son off to a battlefield.
“I know the two of you are already acquainted,” Virion said, motioning to Kathyln. “But 
for formality's sake, this is Princess Kathyln of the royal Glayder House. This is her 
guardian, Hester Flamesworth.”
An elderly woman, her gray hair pulled tightly back into a bun, dipped her head in a 
formal greeting.
“Flamesworth?” I blurted, surprised.
“Ah, so you’re familiar with my family,” the woman said, a hint of pride in her voice.
“Yes. Fairly familiar, actually,” I replied. The surname had caught my attention, but I 
dismissed the questions stirring in my mind and focused on the princess.
“A pleasant surprise to see you, Kathyln, but what are you doing here?” I asked.
“Princess Kathyln is an accomplished ice-affinity conjurer, now in the dark-yellowcore stage,” Hester answered. “I was asked by Commander Virion to help you with 
your training, General Arthur, but my primary job is to keep the princess safe at all 
times. By being here together, we can achieve both goals at once.”
I glanced back at Kathyln, who nodded in confirmation. “Not much else to do besides 
my occasional training with Master Varay, so I’m here to help.”
“The princess and a knight. Classic pair,” said a gruff dwarf sitting on a raised stone 
pillar. He scratched at his large bulbous nose, which stuck out of a thick bush of white 
beard covering the lower half of his face. He was tall compared to most dwarves I’d 
seen, but that might’ve been an illusion caused by his elevated seat. One thing was for 
sure, though: His body looked to be composed entirely of muscle. Thick, striated bulbs 
of hardened flesh covered his arms and chest, and I winced when he gripped my hand 
with his large calloused one.
“Pleasure to meet you, young General. I am Buhndemog Lonuid, but most call me 
Buhnd,” he said, his grip unrelenting. Whether it was to gauge me or to assert his 
dominance over a young—and potentially arrogant—Lance, I didn’t know, but in any 
event I reciprocated his greeting with a firm grip of my own.
The assimilation I had gone through as a child after inheriting Sylvia’s dragon will 
meant that I was stronger than I appeared. Combined with the fact that I had lived 
practically this whole life with a sword in my hand, it meant that I could hold my own 
even against this bearded ball of muscle.
His mustache quirked in what could have been a smile, and he let go. “Not bad. Not 
bad.”
“Careful, Buhnd. The kid didn’t become a Lance with just a pretty face,” Virion said. 
“Arthur, this musclehead has been a close friend of mine for quite a few years. He may 
look like this, but he’s a genius when it comes to earth-affinity magic. I guarantee you’ll 
learn a lot.”
“What’s wrong with my looks?” Buhnd snapped. “I’ll have you know I’m quite the 
ladies’ man back home.”
“No one said anything was wrong with your looks,” Virion said dismissively. “Stop 
being so sensitive.”
I watched as the two bickered, holding my tongue despite all the questions I had.
Just from the thick silver aura he emitted, which was almost visible to the naked eye, 
it was clear Buhnd was a powerful individual. If he was so close to Virion, I wondered 
why he hadn’t been selected as the dwarven representative, instead of Rahdeas.
Considering the recent events, it was obvious that Virion had introduced Buhnd as a 
friend to alleviate any suspicions I may have had of him. But just the fact that he was 
a dwarf I had never seen before put me on edge.
I guess that makes me racist. I thought, concerned at my own clear prejudice.
Race in this world was much less subtle than back in my old world, but I had never 
considered myself one to discriminate based on a person’s outer appearances or 
location of birth. However, witnessing a large faction of dwarves cooperating with our 
enemies, as well as being personally betrayed by a powerful dwarf, did strain my 
previous fair-mindedness.
My attention was abruptly called to the only person I had not yet been introduced to 
when he gave a loud, surly yawn.
As if the yawn had been his cue, Virion spoke. “Arthur, this is Camus Selaridon. He’s 
a—”
“The boy doesn’t need to know any more than my name. I’m here to spar with him. 
Any information beyond that is irrelevant,” Camus said, cutting him off.
I was shocked to see Virion being told off. He was the leader of this continent’s entire 
military, after all. Seeing Virion’s unperturbed expression, I held my tongue, but made 
a mental note to ask the commander who exactly Camus was once we were alone.
Assuming the mysterious elder wouldn’t be impressed by an ostentatious greeting, I 
simply dipped my head and introduced myself while taking a closer look at him. Long 
silvery-blond hair fell down to his shoulders in disheveled locks, covering his forehead 
and eyes. Long pointed ears poked out of the hair, indicating he was of elven descent. 
Unlike most elves I had met, though, he took no care with his outward appearance—
or, judging by the stench emanating from him, hygiene.
“Well!” Virion broke the silence. “I’m sure you are all going to get well acquainted these 
next several weeks. And while I’d love to stay and watch, I have the pleasure of 
spending my time looking over mountains of paperwork!”
With a tired sigh, our commander left the training room, his shoulders just a bit more 
slumped than before.
Virion’s departure was followed by a moment of silence, which I used to survey the 
training room.
The place wasn’t anything extravagant—just a large dirt field a little less than fifty 
yards long and no more than thirty yards wide, enclosed by walls and a ceiling of 
mana-reinforced metal. There was a small pond in the far left corner of the room, but 
other than that and the door on the opposite wall, there was nothing. It was just a large 
open space to train.
Emily was enthusiastically waving her arm at us, and I turned my attention to her.
“I finished setting up, for the most part. There’s a bunch of stuff I want to go over 
before you start your training,” she said, wiping the sweat from her forehead.
Looking down at the equipment that had spawned from the giant wooden box I had 
carried inside, I was surprised to see how familiar it looked. It was a metal panel about 
the length of my arm, littered with gauges and knobs. It resembled some sort of 
ancient control center on a ship from my previous world, except for the crystals on 
either side of it. One was large and clear, while the other smaller crystal was tinted 
blue.
A cluster of wires led from the panel to the wall of the training room—more 
specifically, to a large disk attached to the wall. I hadn’t paid them much attention 
when I’d looked before, but the metal disks didn’t seem to be a part of the design. They 
looked to be embedded into the wall and were spaced out evenly.
“Ah! One more thing,” Emily exclaimed, practically diving headfirst into the box. She 
pulled out what looked like pieces of leather armor, but the different parts were 
connected by the same type of wires that connected the panel to the wall. Embedded 
in the bottom center of what appeared to be the breastplate was a blue crystal, 
identical to the one on the right end of the metal panel.
Emily heaved the leather armor in her arms and walked to me. “Miss Emeria, if you 
wouldn’t mind helping me put this on General Arthur.”
“Of course.” Alanis nodded, and I found myself being dressed in a rather ridiculouslooking getup.
The ‘armor’ seemed more like a sensory receiver than protective clothing. I would 
have to wear the gloves, breastplate, arm and leg bands, and shoes throughout the 
training.
“Perfect. You look great!” Emily said approvingly, adjusting the breastplate so that the 
blue crystal embedded there was directly over my sternum, where my mana core was 
located.
“Thanks,” I replied sheepishly, completely unconvinced. The armor looked bulky, but 
it was soft and flexible enough that I wasn’t too worried about it hindering my 
movements.
Kathyln and the three elders watched silently, enraptured by the sight of this unusual 
equipment, until Buhnd finally spoke up. “So exactly what is the point of all of these 
toys?”
Emily shifted her glasses and spoke. “I don’t want to spoil anything, but I guess a bit of 
a heads up is fair. General Arthur is an anomaly on our continent—being the only 
known quadra-elemental mage and all—and while he excels in most aspects of mana 
manipulation, it’s come to my attention that he has begun to plateau in terms of 
utilization of elemental magic.”
“What about his training with the asuras?” Kathyln asked.
“That was mainly technical training for augmented close combat,” I answered. “I did 
pick up a few techniques, but Emily is right—I’ve been relying heavily on ice and
lightning magic these days. I’m hoping that by training with all of you, I’ll get better at 
utilizing all the elements I’m capable of controlling.”
“I see, I see.” Buhnd idly stroked his beard, then shivered. “Yeah, even thinking about 
using one other element gives me a headache. To be a quadra-elemental on top of 
being able to use ice and lightning… ugh.”
“General Arthur’s mental capacity isn’t as restricted as yours, so I’m sure he’ll learn,” 
Hester chimed in, smiling innocently.
Buhnd whipped his head around. “What’d you say, Grandma? My mental capacity is 
fully unrestricted!”
The fire mage just shook her head.
“Now, now.” Emily carried the metal panel over and gently set it on the ground near 
us. “Instead of arguing, I’d appreciate it if each of you would place your hands here, 
and infuse some of your mana into the clear crystal to power up the device.” She 
pointed to the left end of the metal panel.
Hester and Buhnd looked at one another, clearly trying to decide which one of them 
would go first. Then Camus stepped up and placed his palm over the clear crystal.
“Like this, right?” Suddenly a vast whirlwind ripped free from his body and swirled 
around him protectively.
Emily let out a startled shriek and tumbled to her back from the sudden force. The rest
of us were able to brace ourselves, and we watched as the fierce gale condensed into 
Camus’s hand on top of the crystal. The once-clear gem lit up in a shade of gray, and 
an instant later the entire panel whirred to life. The gauges swayed erratically before 
settling into place.
“Showoff,” Buhnd grumbled.
I was intently focused on the panel. When the room suddenly buzzed from all 
directions, I instinctively raised a layer of mana around my body.
“It’s just the apparatus powering on,” Emily quickly assured us. From the way the other 
mages had all assumed defensive stances, it seemed they were just as surprised as I 
was.
“I shall go next,” Hester said, stepping forward calmly.
After placing her hand on the crystal, she muttered a single word. “Burn.”
A blazing inferno erupted from her body, and her red robe appeared to be made 
completely of fire. The ground around her became scorched, but, to my amazement, 
there was no heat as one of the tendrils of flame lashed at me. What had seemed like 
a brazen display of strength turned out to have been a demonstration of her control 
over her element.
The metal panel whirred once more, this time a little less rapidly. It might have been 
just my imagination, but I swore I heard Hester clicking her tongue.
“My turn!” Buhnd declared, flexing his fingers before placing his hand carefully over 
the crystal, which had returned to its transparent state.
There was a beat of silence, then the ground beneath us began trembling. Loose 
pebbles and rocks hovered above the ground as an aura of brilliant topaz surrounded 
the bearded dwarf.
“Uh, Elders, I love the enthusiasm and all, but… this wasn’t meant to be a contest,” 
Emily muttered weakly, her voice as unsteady as the shaking ground.
“To a real man, everything’s a contest.” Buhnd grinned. As he spoke, the earth split, 
cracks spreading from his feet while the yellow aura gathered into his hand.
The panel trembled and made its familiar noise, then the crystal absorbed and 
transferred the mana Buhnd had supplied.
The muscular dwarf stepped away with a satisfied grunt, and Emily began inspecting 
her apparatus to see if any of the elders had damaged it.
“Princess Kathyln,” she called. “If you please. I think just a bit more will be enough.”
The princess nodded, tucking a strand of black hair behind her ear before sending out 
a wave of mana as well. Looking at the tense expression on Kathyln’s face, I knew all 
too well that she had no intention of backing down from the unspoken challenge 
between the elders.
The temperature dropped noticeably and a haze of frost swirled around the princess. 
Some of the rocks near her were already freezing when the frost began taking the form 
of what looked like translucent serpents. The frost serpents slithered in the air around 
her before coiling down her arm and disappearing into the crystal beneath her palm.
Emily’s apparatus buzzed with fervor, and a motley of colors swirled in the clear 
crystal.
The artificer turned a few knobs and flipped a few switches, then rotated the nowcolorful crystal until a loud click sounded.
“I’ll turn it on now,” Emily announced, not bothering to conceal her eagerness.
She pushed down on the crystal until it was fully inside the panel. I could almost see 
the mana travelling from the device through the thick wires and into the rods on the 
wall. Everyone watched as strands of multicolored mana began shooting from one rod 
to another, spreading exponentially until the strands connected the metal rods to one 
another with a honeycombed pattern.
“What in the world…” Buhnd breathed, stretching his neck as he gazed at the walls and 
ceiling of the room.
“The same sensors are buried in the floor,” Emily said proudly. “Now, before I go over 
what all this is, General Arthur, I believe Miss Emeria has something she needs to do.”
I turned to my training attendant. “Alanis?”
She put down the clipboard she had been holding and approached me. “It won’t take 
long, General Arthur. Please give me your hand.”
Curious, I took off the glove, letting it dangle by its attached wire. Alanis gently 
wrapped both her hands around my mine and began chanting with her eyes shut.
Once she finished, her eyes snapped open. Her eyes had surely been pink and blue, yet 
when she gazed at me now, they had turned a shimmering silver. A faint emerald aura 
pulsed around her and began spreading to cover me as well.
“Please stand still for a moment, General Arthur,” she said, her voice seeming to echo. 
Alanis’s silver eyes darted left and right, up and down. She studied me intently until 
her green aura faded and her silver eyes reverted to their normal colors.
“Scans are complete,” Alanis announced, then retrieved her clipboard and began 
scribbling furiously.
“What was that?” I asked. The hand the elf had held tingled.
Alanis looked up from her clipboard and opened her mouth to speak, but Emily quickly 
forestalled her with a small laugh. “We’ll tell you everything later. For now, why don’t 
we start with the training?”
“The lady has spoken!” Buhnd agreed, swinging his arms. “My limbs were beginning 
to calcify from standing still for so long.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “I hardly think that’s possible, but I agree with the dwarf. 
Princess Kathyln has told me much about you, General Arthur, and I’m quite curious 
to see if you live up to her exceedingly high praise.”
“It’s not like that,” Kathyln quickly said, pushing her guardian away.
Smiling, I followed her and the three elders to the center of the room. They distanced 
themselves roughly thirty feet from each other, surrounding me. The princess 
positioned herself close to the pond in the rear corner, with Buhnd to her left and the 
silent Camus to her right. My mind raced as I tried to decide which one I should turn 
my back to. Adrenaline coursed through my body, coalescing with the mana streaming 
through my limbs. The familiar feeling of my dry mouth and cold sweat rolling down 
my cheek told me all I needed to know about the situation I was in.
The pressure the four of them gave off sent chills down my spine, but my smile only 
grew wider. I licked my lips and lowered myself into a defensive stance. “Let’s begin.”
The elders wasted no time in their attack. As soon as the words left my mouth, Hester 
moved forward, forming a globe of fire in her palm. She snapped her wrist and the 
burning sphere shot toward me, growing larger as it approached.
I turned to counter but the ground beneath me shifted abruptly, throwing me off 
balance. With hardly any time to react now, I spun, withdrawing Dawn’s Ballad from 
my ring. As I tumbled to the ground, I launched a shockwave of frost from my blade, 
exploding the flaming globe before it could reach me.
“Tripping over your own feet, young General?” Buhnd snickered, his hands glowing 
yellow with his aura.
“For someone with so many muscles, I expected more than some cheap parlor tricks,” 
I jeered, pushing myself up from the ground.
The dwarf shrugged. “I’m not the one who just fell on my arse.”
I didn’t respond to his jab, keeping an eye on the other two to see when they made 
their move. I didn’t have to wait long.
Camus casually hurled a blade of wind in my direction. The crescent approached 
viciously, carving a path in the ground where it had travelled.
I swung Dawn’s Ballad into Camus’s attack, but the crescent suddenly distorted before 
exploding.
“Lesson one of fighting as a conjurer. Be unpredictable,” Camus muttered.
A blast of wind nearly threw me back onto the ground. This time, however, I was able 
to react fast enough. I stabbed my sword into the ground, embedding the broken tip 
of my sword into the dirt floor to brace myself against the blast.
I looked back up to see dozens of jagged icicles, each as long as my arm, flying toward 
me.
Siphoning mana from my core, I swung my free arm, releasing a wave of fire.
The large shards of ice evaporated with a hiss when my flames reached them, but 
before I could continue my attack, three triangular panels of stone shot up from the 
ground around me and collapsed on each other.
Trapped within the pyramid of earth, I lost sight of my opponents.
This is getting annoying, I thought.
Fighting against conjurers was fundamentally different than going up against 
augmenters. For one, they kept their distance and attacked from afar.
With a snap of my fingers, I ignited a flame to study my surroundings. The three walls 
came together at a point about twenty feet above me.
“I might as well try and fight like a conjurer as well,” I muttered to myself, putting 
Dawn’s Ballad back into my ring.
I sent a current of earth mana into the ground, and within a moment I was able to 
make out the approximate position of all four of them, as well as two figures farther 
away, who I assumed were Emily and Alanis.
Buhnd must’ve sensed what I was doing, because spikes of stone almost immediately 
began jutting out of the walls.
Crafty dwarf, I smiled.
The spikes elongated, closing in. It was now or never.
After enlarging the flame I had used for light, I conjured a wave of frost with my other 
hand. I clasped the two opposing elements together, creating a blast of steam which 
spread until it filled the entire enclosure.
“Steam’s leaking out. Careful for a surprise attack,” Hester warned. “Princess, take 
advantage of the moisture from the steam.”
Oh crap.
I beckoned lightning to surge around my body, charging and containing it when I felt 
the temperature of the cloudy air around me plummet. I could see floating shards of 
ice forming, but my spell was finished.
“Burst!” I hissed, discharging the currents of lightning coiling around my body. 
Tendrils of electricity surged out, shattering the ground and walls effortlessly. The 
stone pyramid Buhnd had conjured collapsed.
A large cloud of dust and debris obscured much of the view, but Camus had somehow 
found me. The old elf was just a few feet away, swirling gales coiling around his arms.
Wordlessly, the wind conjurer pushed, the full blast of his wind sending me hurtling 
backward.
Straight into Hester.
She was waiting for me on the other side, a fully formed globe of blue flames ready to 
fire.
With barely enough time to twist in the air to defend against the attack, I faced the full
brunt of the sapphire flames.
KATHYLN GLAYDER
Hester Flamesworth had been serving the Glayder family for over two decades. I’d 
always respected her magical prowess, but, because of her talents, she had a tendency 
to be a bit prideful. So when I saw Arthur’s form being consumed by the blue flames 
that set her apart from all the other fire-attribute conjurers of Sapin, I knew she saw 
Arthur as a person she had to beat at all costs.
My hand unconsciously reached toward Arthur. He was engulfed for no more than a 
few seconds , however, before the blue flames began to swirl around him. At first I 
thought it was Hester’s doing but when the cone of fire split, revealing Arthur to be 
intact aside from the lightly burnt ends of his long hair, I knew he had somehow 
dispersed the flames on his own.
Arthur coughed out a weak laugh. “That was a close one.”
My guardian’s eyes widened just a little, but she feigned composure. “Impressive, 
General Arthur, but it seems you’re taking us a little too lightly.”
Elder Buhndemog raised a bulbous arm. “I second that. If this is all you can do, I’m 
afraid we’re going to need a lot more than two months to train you.”
“It’s hard to get motivated when you so obviously hold back like that,” Elder Camus 
added, then sat down with a loud yawn.
I frowned. I had been told that Elder Camus was once a distinguished member of the 
elven army, but he was such an ill-mannered individual. If I were in Arthur’s place, I 
might have been offended by his conduct, but to my surprise, Arthur started laughing.
“Sorry. I often find myself trying to match my opponents’ level to gauge their strength. 
Bad habit of mine,” he said, calmly dusting himself off.
Then a wave of mana flooded out of Arthur as if a dam had just collapsed. I instinctively 
reeled back from the force and when I looked back up, I saw that Camus was back on 
his feet, all signs of his lethargy gone. Both Hester and Elder Buhndemog had already 
thickened their aura for protection.
In the center of us all was Arthur—but his form had changed. His long hair now 
shimmered like liquid pearl and golden symbols ran down the length of his arms. 
Arthur’s presence had been strong before, but it was outright oppressive now.
“I won’t use this form for the remainder of our training, but since today’s sparring
serves to get everyone acquainted with one another, I’ll be glad to let loose,” he said.
The crude leather armor that Emily had clad Arthur in now seemed almost majestic 
underneath the vivid nimbus of mana enveloping him. He turned around to face me, 
and I was able to fully take in his amethyst eyes. I was having a hard time trying to find 
the right word to describe them.
Ethereal? Radiant? Enthralling? Even those words didn’t seem to accurately describe 
how those eyes seemed to shake me to my very core.
I had seen this form once before at Xyrus Academy, when he’d battled against Lucas, 
but this was the first time I had seen it this closely.
“Now that’s more like it!” Elder Buhndemog exclaimed, although the slight tremor in 
his voice betrayed his unease.
“Spread out!” Hester’s voice rang with authority as she leaped backward and prepared 
her spell. She knew—everyone knew—that the tables had turned. The second round 
had yet to start, but already I felt the advantage we had in numbers was now gone.
As Arthur’s presence thickened like a shroud, the usual voice inside my head began 
whispering, saying that all was futile.
No! You always do this, Kathyln. Stop doubting yourself.
I bit down on my lip, berating myself for my pessimism. Ever since my awakening, I’d 
been constantly told how talented I was as a mage, yet I always found some way to tell 
myself I was lacking. Perhaps that’s why my impression of Arthur, back when we had 
first met during the auction, had remained so clear… even after all these years. As a 
child—and even now—he was smart, talented, sociable, knew what he wanted, and 
had a smile that could light up the world.
Regaining my composure, I found myself eye-to-eye with Arthur once again. By his 
gaze, I knew he had been waiting for me, somehow sensing that my mind was 
elsewhere.
Doing all I could to keep my embarrassment from showing on my face, I quickly 
nodded and took my stance.
His lips formed a faint smile and he gave me a nod in return. In that same instant, 
Arthur vanished, leaving behind only a footprint in the hardened ground and a few 
tendrils of electricity. By the time my eyes caught up to where he had appeared, Elder 
Camus had been knocked a few dozen feet in the air. The earth below him molded to 
cushion his impact when he landed.
Black lightning coiled around Arthur as his eyes searched the room, looking for his 
next target. But before he could move again, the ground rose around his feet, 
anchoring him in place.
Stop gawking and help, I told myself.
Using the water from the nearby pond as a catalyst, I shaped it into a giant frozen 
spear. As soon as I launched it, I felt Elder Camus use his wind magic to accelerate the 
ten-foot spear of ice to a speed that I couldn’t have achieved on my own.
Our cooperative attack tore through the air, spiraling viciously toward Arthur. He 
stood in place, staring straight at the giant spear of ice, only a hand up in defense.
Is he not going to try and dodge?
I thought about dispersing the spell, but Commander Virion had stressed that we 
needed to be serious about this to help Arthur.
To my surprise, when the spear was inches away from him, my spell dispersed on its 
own. The gale surrounding my attack still pushed Arthur back, but the ice spear I had 
conjured had shattered.
Camus shot me a look, as if asking whether I had done it. I quickly shook my head, my 
brows knitted in confusion.
I’m sure it wasn’t me.
Arthur got back to his feet, unaffected except for the hint of satisfaction on his face.
The elders and I all exchanged glances. No one was completely sure what had just 
transpired.
“Bah!” Elder Buhndemog stamped his foot, raising a giant boulder from the ground 
beside him. “Show me more! Unless changing the color of your hair and eyes is the 
only thing you can do.”
Arthur smiled wickedly. “Gladly.”
My friend—now my opponent—became a blur. This time, I was able to follow his faint 
form, but just barely.
He sent a shockwave of mana at Elder Buhndemog, but the dwarf had expected that. 
He sculpted the boulder by his side into a giant shield of stone.
A crater formed where the shockwave hit the shield, but it had been no more than a 
diversion. By the time the shield had blocked his spell, Arthur had already targeted 
Hester with a lance of black lightning in his hand.
He’s not attacking you because he’s afraid to hurt you, Kathyln, the voice whispered 
tauntingly.
Expelling a sharp breath, I focused on a spell General Varay had taught me. I never 
liked using it, since it meant I had to get close to my opponent, but this situation was 
worse. I didn’t like to be pitied.
“Seraph of Snow.”
Layers of frost spread over my body, covering me in its icy grip. My clothing hardened 
into armor and a layer of white completely covered me, from my toes to the bottom 
half of my face.
With my body further empowered, I ran straight at Arthur, who was being attacked by 
everyone else.
Elder Camus was darting around, sending blades of wind at Arthur and cushioning 
Elder Buhndemog and Hester whenever Arthur knocked them away.
Arthur launched a spear of lightning at Camus, but it exploded in midair thanks to 
Hester’s intervention.
Everyone felt the presence of my spell, but Arthur seemed too preoccupied to notice.
The frost covering my arm changed form at my thought, extending and sharpening 
into a blade of ice.
I swung just as General Varay had drilled into me for over a year.
My blade cut across his back, drawing blood that froze instantly. Arthur’s head 
snapped back to look at me, his gaze more of surprise than of pain. He spun around 
and launched a blade of wind at me, but the layer of frost covering me mitigated the 
spell.
Without the need to physically block, I continued my attack. Drawing back my other 
hand, I pushed out, launching a shockwave of frost at my opponent.
Arthur quickly blocked my attack, but it still pushed him back—straight into Elder 
Buhndemog.
Arthur’s instincts were inhuman though. He was already twisting his body, preparing 
to defend himself, when a gale of wind spun him uncontrollably.
The elderly dwarf saw him coming, and an excited smile stretched across his face,
splitting his white beard. He brought his fist into position to punch while the earth 
around him trembled.
Pieces of the ground flew, combining around his fist to form a giant gauntlet of stone. 
Hester further empowered his attack by imbuing a blue flame around the earthen fist.
A painful crash resounded as Elder Buhndemog’s flaming rock fist slammed straight 
into Arthur.
“Oh! That felt so good!” the dwarven elder beamed, shaking out the fire around his fist.
I dispersed my spell too, relishing the warmth that soon followed.
Arthur sat up from the crater that his body—now back to normal—had formed in the 
ground. Stretching his neck, he groaned “You got me good there.”
Elder Buhndemog burst out in a hearty laugh. “The princess sure saved the day! The 
three of us were basically in a stalemate—and I suspect the young general wasn’t even 
going all-out.”
“I’m not able to keep up that form indefinitely, and I was already running out of steam.” 
Arthur shook his head. “But yeah, I wasn’t expecting you to come at me like some sort 
of ice ninja, Kathyln.”
I tilted my head, confused. “Ice… ninja?”
“Uh, nothing.” Arthur said, scratching the back of his head. “I shouldn’t have taken you 
lightly, that’s all.”
I blushed.
Thankfully, Elder Camus seized his attention, extending a hand and pulling Arthur up 
to his feet.
“Interesting boy,” the quiet elder said with the faintest trace of a smile.
“It seems we’ll have much to discuss,” Hester added. “I think this will be a learning 
experience for us all.”
We all agreed on that.
—————————————
The five of us regrouped near the entrance of the training room with Emily Watsken 
and Miss Emeria.
“Before I go over the analysis of today’s assessment, I just wanted to hear some 
feedback,” Emily addressed. “Of course, our beautiful Miss Alanis Emeria has planned 
a rigorous training schedule for General Arthur, but overall, if there are any concerns, 
please let me know.”
Miss Emeria nodded, her expression deadpan. “Feedback is crucial.”
“I think it’s safe to say that the biggest issue for everyone, especially General Arthur, is 
concern for safety,” Hester noted.
“Ah, yes! I’m actually in the process of working on something to help solve that 
problem, but it still needs some tinkering,” Emily responded.
“Can I ask what it is, exactly? I’m pretty curious,” Arthur asked.
“It’s a device that basically reads how much mana the wearer is being hit with, 
triggering a last-minute defense mechanism to prevent a lethal blow,” the artificer 
answered almost mechanically.
“If an artifact like that can be built, couldn’t it be given to all the soldiers in battle?” 
Elder Buhndemog mused.
Emily hesitated. “It could, but—”
“It would be astronomically expensive,” Miss Emeria finished. “Also, the defensive 
mechanism will only work for that single triggering attack. In a training environment, 
the opponent would stop, but out on the battlefield, another attack would be all the 
enemy needed to finish the job.”
Elder Buhndemog stroked his beard. “True. Good point.”
“Yes, the artifacts are extremely expensive to make, not just in terms of the cost but 
the rarity of the material. The artifact uses phoenix wyrm scales. The Glayder family 
has graciously bestowed a few on us for the sake of my new training devices,” Emily 
informed us, looking at me with an appreciative gaze.
I wasn’t aware that Father and Mother still had any left.
“Speaking of training devices, what exactly is this getup for anyway?” Arthur asked, 
poking the gem on his leather chestplate. “I’m assuming this and those plates all over 
the wall aren’t just for decoration.”
At that, Emily smiled brightly. Even Miss Emeria had a trace of excitement shining in 
her eyes. “Everything, my friend, from the unappealing armor to the weird plates all 
across this room, is for recording and measuring everything that has to do with how 
you magic the hell out of people.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Measuring and recording how someone ‘magicked the hell out of people’ was a rather 
un-intuitive way of describing an unfamiliar process to a group of elderly mages—and 
two teens.
However, once Emily quelled her enthusiasm and began slowly explaining the 
functions of the disks all over the room and the metal panel filled with gauges, as well 
as the leather armor I was wearing, I could see the excitement bubbling up on 
everyone’s faces.
“So the things all over the room serve as detectors of some kind to record how 
powerful a spell is?” Camus asked, tilting his head.
Emily nodded. “The word ‘powerful’ is a vague term, but yes. The disks were rather 
tricky to make because each one of them needs to be sturdy enough to receive the 
impact but sensitive enough to accurately transmit the feedback to my recording 
panel. That’s just one aspect though; I’ll explain the other in a bit.”
“What were those glowing lines connecting the disks earlier?” Hester asked.
“Good question!” Emily nodded. “Well, you see, a spell is rarely going to be the size of 
just one sensor, so I needed the disks placed relatively close to one another with 
sensors in between. That way, even when a spell is several yards in diameter, the disks 
can accurately gauge the impact or force of the spell. I call this measurement the force 
per unit, or fpu. The glowing trails of mana that light up once sufficiently powered—
in this case, by Princess Kathyln and the three elders—serve as sensors that connect 
the disks to one another so I can more accurately gauge the fpu of a spell as soon as 
it’s released into the field of disks.”
I could see more than a few eyes glaze over with confusion at Emily’s excited 
explanation. I was tempted to remain quiet and let her run out of words to say, but I 
was curious about something. “So the disks act as sensors after basically being struck 
with a spell. But say I fired a blast of wind at Elder Buhnd and he blocked it. The spell 
would never reach any of the disks, so would that spell not be measured?”
Emily’s eyes lit up. “As expected, you’ve quickly caught on to one of the shortcomings. 
I realized the same thing in the early stages. If these disks were just targets to be hit, 
then the impact they would receive is enough to get an accurate reading on the force 
of the spell. But when live sparring is taking place, more than half of the spells would 
be either unreadable—or inaccurate at best—due to being partially or fully mitigated 
by a counterattack from the opponent. I said earlier that recording through direct 
contact was one of the main aspects of the disks. The other is why I needed to cover 
the whole room. Each disk not only sends visible trails of mana to the other disks 
around it, but also creates a sort of pressure that can read the force of a spell as soon 
as it’s formed.”
“Is that why I had to help you put all those disks so deep in the ground?” Buhnd asked, 
scratching his head.
“Exactly, and so the disks aren’t in the way even when you use earth magic,” she 
replied. “Thanks to Elder Buhnd, installing the disks underground was easy. Through 
the sensors in the ground, all over the walls, and on the ceiling, manipulated mana can 
be measured even without any of the disks actually being physically hit with a spell.”
“Okay, so basically having this room completely surrounded with these disks creates 
an area where mana can be measured,” I simplified.
Emily pursed her lips. “Well… yeah, if you want to just summarize six entire months’ 
work into a sentence, I guess so.”
“Believe me,” I said with a laugh, “I know very well that what you’ve created here is a 
technological marvel that’ll help mages develop much faster in the future, but I don’t 
think anyone here has plans to be an artificer.”
“True,” Emily admitted, still pouting.
“So you explained what the disks and the panel do, but what about the armor you had 
me wear?” I asked.
“Ah, the armor itself was an early part of this process, one of my original designs in 
fact. It monitors the flow of mana through an individual by—well—I’ll spare you the 
details. The disc sensors more or less made the armor obsolete. However, in your case, 
we wanted as much information as possible, and the armor just so happens to 
compliment Miss Emeria’s abilities nicely,” the artificer replied, turning her gaze to 
Alanis.
My training attendant nodded before speaking. “Miss Wykes noted the possibility that 
this environment might have a negative effect on my personal ability, and she thought 
the suit could assist me in making accurate readings throughout your training.”
“That’s a rather vague explanation. If I didn’t know any better, I might think you’re 
trying to keep your ability a surprise, just like Emily did with her invention,” I teased 
my robotic assistant.
She was, however, less than amused. Her expression remained deadpan. “General 
Arthur, you asked for specifics of Miss Wykes’s suit, not my ability. If you are curious 
about my ability, please tell me so.”
“Will do,” I replied, taken aback. Unlike Emily, my training assistant didn’t seem very 
keen on explaining anything and everything. “So, Alanis, what is your ability?”
The stoic-faced elf nodded, satisfied with my straightforward question. “After making 
a physical connection with an individual, I am able to utilize nature-affinity magic to 
accurately observe the mana flow of said individual.”
I heard a snicker from Buhnd. Taking a peek, I saw the dwarf nudging Camus with his 
elbow and whispering, “Heh, ‘physical connection’ indeed.”
I held back a groan, and Camus simply ignored the lecherous dwarf.
“So does that make you a deviant of nature magic?” I asked, curious.
While it was common knowledge that the higher forms of wind, water, earth, and fire 
magic were sound, ice, gravity, and lightning, respectively—with metal and magma 
magic specifically a dwarven specialty—little was known about exactly what nature 
magic was. It was acknowledged that only elves were able to utilize nature magic, 
which led magic researchers to believe it was a sort of deviant specialty of wind and 
water, just as magma was a specialized combination of fire and earth. One example of 
nature magic was plant manipulation, like what Tess was able to do, but I’d never 
heard of reading mana flow using nature magic.
“I am uncertain whether my ability is an evolved form of nature magic or a specialized 
peripheral use of it,” she answered. “However, Commander Virion tasked me with 
providing accurate feedback on your mana flow throughout the course of your 
training, as I have done for other Lances.”
“You helped out the other Lances, too?” I asked. I wasn’t so much surprised by the fact 
that Alanis had worked with the others as I was that Virion hadn’t told me about her.
“Yes,” she said simply.
“How intriguing,” Hester chimed in. “And what does this sensory magic show about 
General Arthur?”
Alanis took out her clipboard. She flipped through several pages before reading aloud, 
“General Arthur’s rate of mana flow upon manipulation from mana core to extremities 
measures at roughly point-four-six seconds for body augmentation. For spell casting, 
there is roughly a forty percent increase in time for wind-attribute spells and fifty-five 
percent increase for earth-attribute spells as compared to ice- and lightning-attribute 
spells. Fire and water magic were not used enough during the session, so no readings 
could be made.”
“Point-four-six seconds is awfully specific. How did you measure the time so 
accurately?” Camus asked, his interest piqued as well.
Alanis produced a small cube-shaped device from the inside of her suit-like jacket. 
“Miss Wykes generously provided me this time-counting device.”
She pressed a small button on the side and the cube began whirring, then she quickly 
pressed it again. She showed us the top of the cube, and it showed the time that had 
elapsed, down to a hundredth of a second.
“Never thought I’d see such a useless tool,” Buhnd grumbled, obviously uninterested 
in the analysis of these numbers.
“Nonsense. That device can measure how fast you can run from one end of the room 
to the other on those short stubs you call legs,” Hester jeered, a smug grin on her face.
Buhnd gave a loud snort. “Why do such a plebian thing as running when I can have the 
earth move my feet underneath me, you old witch?”
The two began bickering once again, making me wonder what their relationship was. 
It wasn’t just their bickering, though; back when we were sparring, all three of the 
elders had shown an uncanny degree of coordination, as if they had fought together 
before. I made a mental note to ask Kathyln or Virion later.
I turned my attention back to the two elves. It seemed Alanis had just finished 
answering a question from Camus that I’d missed.
“I see,” the old elf replied thoughtfully. “I wouldn’t want to hassle Miss Wykes too much 
about this so I’ll procure some materials myself.”
“It’s really no problem at all, Elder Camus,” Emily said. “I was planning on improving 
Arth—General Arthur’s suit anyway. Making a few more wouldn’t be much of a strain, 
as I already have several half-finished prototypes. Assuming I have enough materials 
on hand, I just need to update them to the correct spec and fit them properly.”
“What’s going on?” I whispered, leaning toward Kathyln.
“Elder Camus asked if it was possible for Miss Emeria to do readings for multiple 
people,” Kathyln answered, taking a step back.
Whoops. A little too close for her.
I distanced myself as well, remembering the princess had always been wary of her 
personal ‘bubble.’ “Does that go for you as well?”
She nodded. “I’m curious to know how the speed of my mana flow compares to others.”
The aspect of comparison brought to mind a whole load of questions that I wanted to 
ask Emily, but now wasn’t the time for that. Instead, I turned to my training assistant. 
“Alanis, what were my numbers after I used Realmhea—I mean, after my hair and eyes 
changed colors?”
Everyone looked at the strait-laced elf expectantly. Even Hester and Buhnd, whose 
squabbling—or maybe flirting—I had tuned out, stopped to hear her response.
Alanis only had to flip a single page in her notebook before answering. “General 
Arthur’s spell-casting efficiency, from the mental invocation stage to the physical 
shaping of elemental mana, increased nearly five-fold throughout all spectrums of 
elements, and…”
“And?” Buhnd pressed while everyone held their breath.
Alanis shook her head. “My apologies, General Arthur. I did not record your body 
augmentation after the change in your form.”
“It’s okay,” I assured her. “Was it because there wasn’t enough of a difference in times?”
“Oh, no. It’s not because of that,” Alanis said, her eyes wide. “I did not record you 
simply because I could not. General Arthur, your body augmentation speed normally 
is on par with most of the Lances. After the transformation, however, it was much too 
fast for me to even attempt to measure.”
_____________________________
“How’s your brother doing these days?” I asked, hoping to fill the uncomfortable 
silence in the corridor.
Kathyln and I were walking in one of the residential floors of the castle. The clear view 
of the moon and stars outside told us that our training had gone far longer than we’d 
intended. With everyone either already asleep or working down in the lower levels, 
the castle felt almost abandoned.
“Curtis is doing much better, now that Father has finally allowed him to leave the 
castle—under supervision, of course,” Kathyln replied with a hint of envy. “In his last 
transmission scroll he described how rewarding it is to be one of the assistant training 
instructors at Lanceler Academy.”
“You’re not so lucky, I’m guessing?”
“I had hoped that becoming stronger as a mage would allow me a little more freedom, 
but the image my father has of me remains that of a timid little princess,” she breathed.
“Well, to be fair, you are pretty timid,” I said, trying to lighten the mood.
“I have been told that I’ve become more outgoing,” Kathyln replied, flustered. “Even 
my participation as your sparring partner was at my own insisten…” Her voice trailed 
off.
“What was that?”
She quickened her pace, walking on ahead. “Nothing.”
We continued in silence, and I found myself paying eerily close attention to Kathyln’s 
walk. Her footsteps had an almost lulling cadence, each footfall deliberately made on 
the balls of her feet to minimize sound. She was small-framed, but her stride exuded a 
confidence that seemed well-rehearsed. If I didn’t know her, by her walk I would’ve 
thought she was just another arrogant and pretentious noble.
She stopped, and by the time I raised my eyes, I found her looking back at me with just 
the slightest lift to her left brow. “Is everything all right?”
Realizing I had spent the past few moments staring at her legs, I blushed. “No—I mean 
yes, everything is fine.”
“Your footsteps are very quiet; I didn’t know if you were still walking behind me,” 
Kathyln said, waiting for me so we could walk abreast.
“I could say the same for you,” I laughed. “Despite the confidence with which you walk, 
your feet seem to hardly touch the floor.”
“Mother was very strict on anything that could be seen by those around us. Curtis and 
I were required to take lessons covering every aspect of royal etiquette,” Kathyln 
answered.
“Oh! My mom had Ellie go to those kinds of classes when she was little. Except the only 
thing she seemed to learn was how to get out of chores by saying they were 
‘unladylike,’” I said.
Kathyln smiled faintly. “Ellie is your sister, correct? Short for Eleanor?”
“Yeah. Have you met her? She’s usually on the outdoor balcony practicing her archery.”
“I have seen her on occasion, but never spoken to her,” she answered.
“She can be a bit intimidating, with that bear always following her around,” I admitted. 
“I’ll have to properly introduce you to her sometime. I’m sure she’d be excited to get 
to know you.”
Kathyln’s smile widened to the point that it actually looked like a smile. “I’d… like that.”
We continued talking as we made our way to her room. Hester was originally 
supposed to escort the princess back, but I’d wanted to get out of the training room—
I actually planned on getting something to eat after—so I volunteered. The old mage 
was reluctant, but she and the other two elders had wanted to stay behind with Emily 
and Alanis to measure the force of their spells. She knew Kathyln would be with a 
Lance, and her excitement at measuring her fpu outweighed everything else, so she’d 
relented.
If someone were to stand absolutely still and stay quiet, it was possible to feel the 
castle tremble slightly as Hester, Buhnd, and Camus let loose their magic far below.
Kathyln’s room was just a few feet ahead when I remembered what I wanted to ask 
her. “Does your guardian personally know Buhnd?”
She nodded. “All three elders know each other.”
My brows lifted in surprise. “Really? How?”
“Those three played crucial roles in the last war between human and elves. Darv sent 
soldiers to help Sapin during the war, which is how Hester and Elder Buhnd know each 
other. After the war was over, leaders from all three kingdoms were obligated to attend 
a summit held every couple of months in an attempt to mend broken bridges. Hester 
has mentioned Elder Camus’s and Elder Buhndemog’s names several times. They 
often trained together before.”
“That explains their impressive coordination when we sparred,” I noted.
I wanted to ask more about Hester, and about the Flamesworth House in general, but 
we had stood before Kathyln’s door for several moments now, and it felt more proper 
to ask Hester directly.
“Will you be okay by yourself, Princess?” I teased as Kathyln carefully unlocked her 
door with the touch of a palm. My room didn’t have a mana signature reader, but then 
again, it probably wouldn’t have done me much good to have one.
“Father took extra precautions with the reinforcements for my room,” she said, lifting 
a familiar-looking pendant from around her neck. “I also have this.”
“That’s made from a phoenix wyrm, right?” I asked, knowing where I had seen it.
“I’m impressed you know what it is at such a brief glance,” she replied. “The artificer, 
Gideon, made these from the core and scale of a phoenix wyrm.”
“It’s beautiful,” I said, omitting the fact that I had bartered two of the same artifacts 
from Gideon almost ten years ago for the blueprints of the steam engine ship. Ellie and 
my mother were still wearing them now—one of the reasons I could sleep a little 
easier at night.
“Thank you.” She tucked the phoenix wyrm pendant back inside her shirt. “And thank 
you for walking me back. I was glad to see Hester so eager to join in, but, knowing her, 
she would have insisted on leaving with me had I not had an escort.”
“No problem,” I responded. “It’s the least I could do in return for your taking the time 
to help me with my training.”
She shook her head. “It’s training for me as well. No need to thank me for that.”
“Well then, let’s train hard and get even stronger.” I stuck out a hand.
Kathyln stared at my open hand for a moment before gingerly accepting the gesture.
Her palm and her fingers were warm to the touch—hot, even—and her hand 
remained absolutely still in my grip. Making sure my friendly gesture didn’t last too 
long, I gently squeezed her hand before letting go. “Goodnight.”
Without even a pause, she whipped her head away and shut the door. From the other 
side of her door, I heard a muffled, “Goodnight, Arthur.”
GREY
Nico slapped the back of my dueling vest. “Are you ready, Grey?”
I continued the last set of my stretches, more out of anxiousness than to loosen my 
body. We were in the underground waiting area where dozens of other students were 
either practicing their techniques on the padded mats or restlessly pacing until their 
name was called by one of the officiators.
“Ready as I can be, I suppose,” I finally replied, swinging my arms.
“Come on. You’re going to have to be more confident than that—hungrier,” Nico 
pressed. “I know how hard you’ve had it, being bullied by everyone from the second 
and first division—”
“How could you possibly know how hard I’ve had it?” I cut in, annoyed. “Moving from 
Division Four into Division Three last year made their ‘pranks’—most of which gave 
me welts if not broken bones—worse, because I apparently didn’t ‘know my place.’”
“My bad,” Nico stammered, taken aback by my sharpness.
“You’re in the first class of Division One, respected by teachers and peers. I’m proud of 
you for that, but don’t think that means you know what I’ve been through these past 
years.”
He nodded. “I was just trying to help.”
“It’s fine,” I said, suddenly feeling guilty. “I’m sorry for snapping at you. I’m just really 
sick of those nobles flaunting their house names like a badge that lets them do 
whatever they want to me.”
“Yeah. It doesn’t help that most of their parents are generous donors to the academy. 
It only serves to make the teachers turn a blind eye to students like us, with no family 
to back them.”
“At least they treat you well,” I said, sitting with my back against the cold wall. “Being 
better than them intellectually doesn’t seem to hurt their ego nearly as much as being 
better than them in combat.”
“Thank God for that,” Nico chuckled. “At least you can defend yourself.”
I agreed. “I’m just hoping the judges will be more fair than they have been and finally 
let me into the second division.”
“Seriously. Even if your ki level isn’t as high, your overall combat ability should have at 
least put you in Division Two last year. I still can’t believe they held you back even after 
you pummeled that mouthy kid.”
“Remember him taunting me before the start of the match, saying he could beat me 
with one hand?”
Nico suppressed a laugh, perhaps fearful that the boy in question was somewhere in 
the large room. “That match was over so quick, he didn’t even have time to take his 
hand out of his pocket.”
“Yet, here I am, taking part in these rigged assessment duels.” I thumped my head 
against the wall, letting the dull pain wash away my despair.
Nico lowered his voice. “I have heard from the other engineering students that there’s 
a new judge this year, very cold and impartial.”
I raised a brow. “How would the engineering students know about that?”
Nico coughed and looked away. “Supposedly, she’s also a very attractive lady. You know 
how it is with the engineering guys; they’re a lewd bunch.”
“Seems like that includes you as well,” I said, shaking my head in mock disappointment. 
“I wonder what Cecilia’s going to think when I tell her this.”
“You wouldn’t.” Nico’s face blanched. “After all I’ve done to try and help you—”
Just then, a gruff voice called my name over the intercom. “Cadet Grey to Arena Six. 
Failure to appear will result in an automatic loss. Once again, Cadet Grey to Arena Six.”
I picked up the blunted dueling sword that I had borrowed for the assessment and 
winked at Nico. “I’ll keep you and your engineering dogs’ little interest to myself.”
Nico hung his head in defeat and motioned for me to go.
Waving back at my friend, I made my way up the wide ramp that led to the surface. I 
had to raise a hand to shield my eyes from the midday sun until they could adjust, and 
when they did, I found myself in the center of a wide outdoor stadium.
Raised circular platforms dotted the large field of grass. Students and faculty members 
surrounded the platforms, some judging or scouting while others were just there to 
watch their friends or an upcoming opponent.
The bleachers surrounding the stadium were dotted with people—too far away to 
recognize, not that I would know any of them. Prior events had made it easy to assume 
most of the adults seated here were family members of the students participating in 
today’s assessment duels.
I made my way toward the sign that read ‘Arena Six,’ slipping through the crowds 
congested around the arenas in between.
“Great, an audience,” I mumbled to myself. There was a large group, of varying ages, 
excitedly chattering amongst themselves. One portly middle-aged man had his arms 
up on the arena, giving last-minute advice to a boy my age, until the slender referee 
informed the man not to lean on the stage.
I barely had room to go up the stairs that led to the elevated dueling arena, and eyes 
bored into me the entire way. Some cast assessing gazes, trying to size me up to make 
their own prediction on whether their son—or cousin, nephew, or whatever the boy 
up on the stage was—could beat me.
I reached the arena platform. There was only me, the boy I’d be facing, and the referee. 
The vests, the only source of protection we were provided, spoke volumes about what 
our academy thought in terms of our safety.
Broken bones were common, and even life threatening injuries couldn’t be considered 
shocking. As if sensing my discomfort, the referee stepped toward me and peered into 
my eyes, scrutinizing me.
The later rounds of assessments would have a panel of ‘unbiased’ judges as well, but 
this first round would be determined by this one referee, so I’d have to do my best to 
impress him.
“Make us proud, Simeon!” the portly man roared.
“You can do it, Simmy!” a curly-haired woman hooted excitedly.
“Sir, the barrier will be up soon, so please refrain from leaning forward into the arena. 
I will not remind you again,” the slender referee said sternly.
“Dad, please!” the boy named Simeon groaned, shooing his father away.
Without further delay, the referee took out a key and slid it alongside the far edge of 
the arena. Immediately, a light flickered around us, casting a translucent wall about 
thirty feet high.
“Weapons in position,” the referee announced. “Traditional dueling rules apply. Match 
will end when one of you yields or when the protective barrier around your dueling 
vest shatters. Points will be earned for solid contact, not glancing blows. Cadet Grey, 
Cadet Simeon Cledhome, are you ready?”
I kept the blade of my sword low, gripping with only one hand; Simeon took a more 
traditional pose, with both hands firmly on the handle and the blade positioned 
vertically out in front of him.
We dipped our heads in acknowledgement, our gazes locked on each other.
“Begin!”
Immediately, Simeon lunged, clearing the distance between us—over ten feet—in a 
single bound. He had concentrated his ki to his back leg, pushing off and redistributing 
back to the rest of his body after gaining the momentum he needed—not an easy feat.
However, his burst seemed like wading through viscous waters to my eyes. By the time 
his sword was lined up in position to stab at my vest, I had identified three different 
courses of action and was contemplating my choices.
I went with the simplest option, pivoting so his blunted weapon would barely glide 
across my chest.
Executing the same technique as Simeon, I concentrated ki into my back leg and torso 
for support. In one swift stroke, I stepped into range and spun, using my leg and hips 
for momentum. Even though I didn’t enhance my arm with ki, the strength of my attack 
was enough to knock Simeon off his feet.
Just before my sword struck him, he managed to twist so that his left shoulder took 
the force of the blow, not his vest.
“Gah!” Simeon yelled in pain, dropping his sword and cradling his injured shoulder 
with his right hand.
I thought for sure he’d yield, so I held my position, my eyes shifting between the 
referee and Simeon.
A muted thump drew my attention, and I could see the father banging wildly at the 
barrier. “Get up, Simeon! Get up!”
After a series of groans and curses, my opponent was back on his feet, his left arm 
dangling limply by his side while he struggled to hold his long sword in his right hand.
I cast a doubtful look at the referee, but he shook his head. The match wasn’t over.
In an act of desperation, Simeon tried to catch me off guard while my attention was on 
the referee. He lunged once more, sacrificing his speed by allocating most of his ki into 
his arm. With his right arm strengthened, he was able to easily swing the heavy 
dueling sword.
His stubbornness was respectable, but the match was already over.
I struck Simeon’s right hand, making him immediately drop his weapon. Without 
stopping, I spun and kicked his right thigh, which was unprotected by ki.
Simeon grunted as his knee buckled under him. The tip of my sword was already 
waiting for him underneath his chin.
“I-I yield,” he breathed.
“No!” his father protested, banging wildly against the barrier. “The boy cheated! No 
way my Simeon would lose to some no-named rat!”
“Enough!” the referee shouted. “Cadet Simeon Cledhome’s remaining assessment 
duels will take place amongst the other defeated cadets while Cadet Grey will move 
on. That is all!”
With that, the referee withdrew the barrier and allowed us to leave. Simeon walked 
down those stairs like his soul had just withered. I almost felt bad for him. His ki 
control was considered pretty good—most kids in my division were now getting a 
firm grasp on basic body strengthening, not ki allocation.
His mother immediately gave him a hug and gingerly caressed his wounded shoulder 
while his father stared daggers, as if his son’s loss was because of me. I guessed it was, 
so I stared back and did the respectable thing.
I smiled politely at the portly man of House Cledhome. Now… if he saw that as being 
rude or arrogant, that was on him.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“What were you dreaming about?” a familiar coarse voice asked, startling me awake.
My eyes shot open to see Virion, his face just a foot away from my own, wrinkled with 
a wide grin.
“Gah!” I yelped, bolting up and nearly colliding heads with the old man.
From the side, I could hear Emily and my sister giggling; even Boo and Sylvie huffed in 
amusement.
“Damn it, Virion. Your face is terrifying,” I said, gathering my wits.
“You were smiling so widely that I just had to wake you up and find out what it was 
you were dreaming about,” the old elf snickered. “Was it perhaps one of those
dreams?” he continued, waggling his eyebrows suggestively.
“Are you sure you’re fit to lead this continent’s army?” I groaned, fighting the urge to 
roll my eyes.
The commander—sitting casually on the ground next to me, his back against the cold 
metal wall of the training room—simply shrugged. “I’m pretty sure smiling lewdly 
while sleeping in a public setting isn’t very fitting for a Lance either.”
“It wasn’t a lewd smile!” I protested.
“It was kind of creepy,” Ellie chimed in.
“It was just a dream about when I was younger. You know, when times were simpler,” 
I shot back.
It wasn’t a lie. Just not the entire truth.
Ellie exchanged glances with my bond and shrugged.
‘Was it another dream of your former life?’ Sylvie probed, concern in her voice.
I wouldn’t worry too much about it, Sylv, I comforted her.
Turning my gaze away from my vulpine bond, I watched as Kathyln and the three 
elders finished warming up. Only a day had passed since the first training session, but 
the fact that I couldn’t get any sleep due to my futile attempts to extract mana out of 
Uto’s horns—without the acclorite in my right hand absorbing it first—made it feel 
like a week had gone by.
The last thing I remembered was coming into the training room and seeing my sister 
and Boo with Virion. While Emily and Alanis prepared the training equipment she had 
made for Kathyln and the elders, I’d sat down and talked with the commander. I’d 
asked him about my personal training assistant—how he ever found someone like her, 
and why he’d never bothered to mention her to me.
Virion had explained that he had first met Alanis while visiting a unit stationed near 
the southern border of Elenoir, where the Elshire Forest ended. He had stumbled upon 
Alanis in one of the medic’s tents where she was helping a soldier who had been 
ambushed by the corrupted beasts. Though she was only a nurse there, Virion had 
seen the true value of her deviant magic and brought her to the castle. While I was 
training in Epheotus, Virion had made all the Lances undergo evaluation with Alanis 
so they could improve their mana flow where it was the weakest or slowest.
Virion had been explaining to me that ‘corrupted beasts’ were what the soldiers 
dubbed the mana beasts infected by the Vritra—and the next thing I knew I was 
waking up to the sight of the old man’s face hovering over mine.
Trying to shake off the lingering weariness, I got up and stretched.
“Looks like the boy is ready,” Virion exclaimed, motioning Emily over.
The artificer hurried to me, carrying the upgraded training equipment. I was 
impressed she had managed to accomplish so much in such a short amount of time.
Instead of wearing the full leather armor to bounce back the mana waves Emily 
needed to record the power of my spells without interrupting Alanis’s internal 
readings, I now only had to attach a few bands to my arms and legs and wear a thin 
chestplate with the gem embedded on it.
As I finished putting on the new equipment, my training assistant approached me, her 
eyes glued to her notebook.
“General Arthur. I have finished compiling the training schedule for the next seven 
weeks, focusing on improving your mana flow times during body augmentation and 
spell casting of your lesser elements,” she said, raising her gaze to me while handing 
me her notebook.
“The first two weeks will be one-on-one training,” I said after giving it a cursory glance. 
“That probably isn’t the best use of time considering I only have two months, right?”
“I agree.” She nodded, taking back her notebook. “However, your goal in all this, 
General Arthur, by immersing yourself in combat scenarios involving all of the 
elements, was to acquire the knowledge of which elements can be best utilized, 
depending on the situation, in order to apply that in later battles, correct?”
Her thought process was a lot more technical, but she had the gist of it. “Correct.”
“While it’s commendable that you’re willing to become a training dummy in order to 
achieve this goal, it’s impractical for one main reason.”
Her statement piqued my curiosity. “Go on.”
“After your assessment with all four trainers, I believe that the main reason for your—
forgive my bluntness—problem stems from how solidified your fighting style is 
already,” she answered. “It is my understanding that you have previously tried to train 
your lesser elements by forcibly inhibiting your strongest elements, correct?
“Yet, even after doing so, once you allowed yourself to go back to your more 
comfortable elements, your fighting style reverted to what I perceive as close-combat 
with elemental integration in your attacks.”
“That sounds about right,” I said, thinking about what my core fighting style was. Many 
of my abilities had improved since my time as Grey, but my core style, which was the 
use of the sword and body, was still the same—albeit improved after my training with 
the asura Kordri.
“In order to accustom your body to modes of fighting outside of your usual methods, 
a slow transition is required, along with another important component: 
unpredictability.” I could tell by the twinkle in Alanis’s eyes that she was almost as 
enthusiastic about training regimens as Emily was about artificing.
“General Arthur, you will start off with one-on-one sparring against the four training 
partners here today. They will trade places at random intervals so you will not have 
the chance to acclimate,” she explained in a serious tone. “In addition, in each session, 
you will be forbidden to use one element.”
“And which element is that?” I asked, looking over her notes.
The usually impassive elf showed the slightest glimmer of a smile. “That will be 
chosen—and switched—at random, General Arthur. Unpredictability, remember?”
“It seems my original idea of brainlessly sparring four against one has become much 
more convoluted,” I murmured under my breath.
“The training regimens she made for the other Lances were just as complicated,” 
Virion remarked, standing up.
After dusting off his robe, Virion headed to the door. “I’ll be by later to see how things 
progress. Alanis, don’t break Arthur. I still need him.”
Alanis nodded sternly, as if she had seriously considered the possibility.
With that, the old elf bid us farewell. Kathyln and the elders, who had just finished 
warming up, showed their respects as the commander left.
“The equipment is all ready to go,” Emily exclaimed as soon as the door closed behind 
Virion.
I looked around at the training room, spotting Kathyln blotting her forehead with a 
handkerchief and Hester straightening out the creases in her tight-fitting robe. “So 
who am I going up against fir—”
The ground underneath my feet abruptly shot up like a spring, ejecting me into the air.
I was startled for a split second before realizing it had to be Buhnd. It had been less 
than a day since I’d met the bearded ball of muscle and he was already becoming 
predictable.
I was launched some twenty feet in the air, and when I managed to twist myself to face 
him, the old dwarf was waiting for me with an eager smile, his bulging arms stretched 
out wide as if expecting me to hug him.
A smile crept across my face as I siphoned mana into my hand.
At least I won’t be bored.
“Switch!” Alanis called out just as my wind-infused fist was about to connect with 
Camus’s chest.
I muttered a string of curses, stopping my strike. How is it that over these past few days, 
the matches always seem to stop at such inconvenient times? She has to be doing this on 
purpose.
As if to answer my accusation, my trainer said, “Exactly twenty minutes have passed. 
Elder Camus will be switched for Elder Hester. General Arthur, please restrict your 
water magic.”
I wiped away the sweat pouring down my face, trying to take a breather before my 
next opponent arrived. Having my water magic banned meant I couldn’t use ice either. 
How frustratingly convenient for Hester, who would’ve been at a disadvantage against 
those two elements.
Glancing at the audience, I could tell everyone had been paying close attention to my 
fight against Camus. My sister was particularly engrossed.
Hester approached me until we were about a dozen feet apart. Tying her long grey 
hair back into a bun, she readied herself and assumed a dueling stance. Being a silver 
core mage meant that, although her strength was in conjuring, she could easily 
augment her body. The fact that she wore tight-fitting clothes and chose to use a 
conjuring ring rather than the traditional staff or wand meant that she wanted the 
flexibility of both long-range and close-range combat.
“Begin,” Alanis stated, her voice amplified by the artifact she was speaking into.
Hester immediately snapped her finger, a spark igniting between her middle finger 
and her thumb.
The blue ember was just a distraction, though.
Since I wasn’t using Realmheart, I couldn’t see the fluctuations in mana, but I could 
feel it. My body, enhanced through assimilation with Sylvia’s dragon will, seemed to 
instinctively sense that I was in danger.
I quickly propelled myself back, just in time to see a burst of fire detonate where I had 
been standing.
The explosion caused a cloud of smoke, obstructing my view of Hester.
She didn’t expect to hit me with that. She wants me to lose sight of her.
I swung my arms, manipulating the cloud of dust between us to shoot forward. The 
rock and sand in the air froze for a second before erupting forward into a shockwave 
of debris.
As I had predicted, Hester’s form came into view. She managed to shield herself with 
a panel of fire. It was my turn to strike back.
Augmenting mana into my legs, I flashed forward, gathering blue fire into my fists.
I struck at the panel of fire, expecting my flame to overpower hers. Her spell 
disintegrated, but to my surprise, Hester was no longer behind the panel of fire she 
had conjured.
That’s when I felt it again, the primal instinct that told me I was in danger. This time, 
it came from below my feet.
Blue fire swirled beneath me before erupting into a pillar of flames. For a moment, 
even my vision turned blue as an intense heat washed over me.
My aura blocked the attack long enough for me to manipulate the fire and keep it from 
harming me. If I took too much damage, the defensive artifact in my armor would 
activate, making it my loss.
Just when the heat was becoming unbearable, I was able to dispel Hester’s attack and 
break the pillar of fire—only to find myself surrounded by a dozen or so fiery spheres, 
each at least six feet high.
Given that I couldn’t see or sense Hester, and that each globe of fire would easily fit a 
grown woman inside, I knew she was in one of the globes.
If she was trying to annoy me with all these distractions, it was working.
I stomped the ground, conjuring earthen spikes. Only half the spikes hit their mark.
Note to self: Practice aiming with earth magic.
The spikes that did hit bored straight through the spheres of fire, causing them to 
disperse. But it didn’t take long for new spheres to manifest and take their place.
Before I could strike them down again, the flaming globes brightened, then launched 
their attacks.
Each globe seemed to have a mind of its own, as the attacks they fired were different 
from each other. One globe shot a barrage of small fire bullets, while another began 
spinning and releasing burning crescents.
I was forced onto the defensive by the barrage of attacks coming from all directions. I 
erected a stone wall from the ground to block the flame bullets and launched a blade 
of wind at the burning crescent, detonating the fiery spell prematurely.
My mind raced, trying to think of my next move. I couldn’t stay on the defensive, but I 
had no idea which flaming sphere she was hiding inside.
The temptation to just release Realmheart grew, but I knew that was just a shortcut, 
solving my inadequacy by blowing off most of my mana.
Think, Arthur. How would I try to fight me if I was Hester?
The only strategy I could think of was to get on my nerves until I let my guard down. 
That was the answer.
I let out a roar of frustration, wildly launching shockwaves of wind and blasts of fire 
at the globes. Of course, the ones I hit were replaced by new ones, but I continued my 
seemingly agitated assault.
Coalescing tendrils of lightning around my arms and legs, I flashed forward, getting 
close to the spheres of fire and striking them down.
For each globe I struck down, two more took its place until there were more than 
thirty spheres hovering around me.
Her mana pool is impressive.
Now the spheres began undulating and glowing brighter. I thought they were all going 
to explode, but instead each of the flaming globes shot a condensed stream of fire at 
me.
Is this the final attack? I thought, noticing that the spheres were growing smaller as 
they released their flaming beams.
I put on my best expression of surprise and horror and waited until all the beams were 
just about to hit me before I acted.
Siphoning a large amount of mana from my core, I engulfed my entire body in a suit of 
fire. It required absolute control to keep the fire from harming me, but timing it with 
Hester’s last attack would make it seem like I was hit.
Even with several extra layers of pure mana and fire mana protecting me from Hester’s 
barrage, I felt the fire singeing the hair on my extremities. I feared for a moment that 
I might actually come out of this bald, but my aura kept me—and the majority of my 
hair—safe.
Over the roar of the flames I heard Ellie call out in horror, but I kept my focus on my 
opponent. I knew Hester wouldn’t let her guard down even from this.
The next step was the hard part.
One thing any multi-elemental mage always had to consider was not just knowing 
when to utilize each of his elements, but how to utilize multiple elements in conjunction 
with one another.
Keeping the flaming barrier around my body, I split off a part of my focus so I could 
manipulate the ground underneath me.
I felt my flames tremble—a sign that my concentration was wavering.
Almost. Enduring the growing heat around me as I manipulated a hole into the ground 
for me to fit inside, I waited until I finally saw Hester’s silhouette through the layer of 
fire between us.
Now!
I collapsed my protective spell just as I fell into the ground, immediately restoring the 
ground above me so I was completely submerged.
The earth shook with what I assumed was Hester’s next strike.
Without wasting any time, I pushed at the earth around me, utilizing the seismic 
perception spell to sense where everyone was. I felt a ripple in the earth from a 
different location—the same perception spell that I had used, but far stronger.
Focusing on the task at hand, I shaped the earth around me, allowing myself to slowly 
move underground. Experts like Buhnd were able to travel underground as easily as 
if they were underwater, but unfortunately I wasn’t at that level.
It didn’t matter, though. It was Hester’s turn to be caught off guard.
I only needed two seconds to gather mana around my right first for my final attack. As 
soon as I was ready, I cleared the earth above me and bolted up to the surface and into 
the air by infusing wind mana beneath my feet.
Black lightning coiled around my right arm like a vicious serpent ready to strike. Just 
beneath me, standing on the ground, was Hester, her arms enveloped in fire fashioned 
into long blades with thin tendrils of electricity wrapped around them—no doubt her 
actual finishing move.
Hester whipped around to face me just as my body descended. She was too late. I was 
within striking range and she wasn’t in the safety of her fire orb.
We were playing to my strength now.
My opponent’s lips moved—whether she was cursing or chanting a spell, I couldn’t 
tell—as she brought up her flaming arm blades.
The black lightning tore free from my arm as I unleashed the voltaic charge at Hester. 
The black tendrils ripped through the air and our two spells collided.
A sphere of congealed fire and lightning formed from the impact, growing larger and 
brighter until it finally exploded with us at the epicenter.
KATHYLN GLAYDER
The explosion obscured our view of Arthur and Hester. My eyes flitted to Arthur’s little 
sister; I was prepared to conjure a barrier in case the shockwave reached us, but her 
bond had already responded, pulling her close with its body positioned to block any 
remnant of the blast caused by the colliding spells.
In my concern for Arthur’s little sister, I forgot to protect myself from the shockwave 
that resulted from the detonation.
I braced for impact, trying to raise a wall of ice in time, but to my surprise, the ground 
beneath me sank. I found myself a few feet below the surface as the shockwave passed 
harmlessly above me.
After the explosion subsided, I was raised back up and came face to face with Elder 
Buhnd.
“Careful, Princess,” he grinned before turning his attention back to the origin of the 
blast.
The cloud of debris caused by the explosion dissipated and I could see the two figures.
Though disheveled, Arthur was standing. My guardian, on the other hand, had fallen 
back. A soft pink glow surrounded her, signaling that her defensive artifact had been 
triggered.
Elder Buhnd clasped his hands together, obviously excited. “Haha! Brilliant!”
“The artifact worked seamlessly!” Miss Watsken exclaimed from the side, excited for a 
different reason.
“It’s worrying that you’re this surprised about the functionality of the device meant to 
keep my brother from dying,” Arthur’s little sister muttered, patting the dust from her 
clothing.
“I wasn’t surprised!” the artificer protested. “Just happy that there were no unexpected 
complications.”
“Mhmm.” Arthur’s sister cast one last look of doubt at Miss Watsken before turning 
her focus to her bond.
“What were General Arthur’s mana flow readings during that battle?” Elder Camus 
asked Miss Alanis. I listened in, curious about Arthur’s improvement over the last few 
days.
Miss Alanis’s eyes glowed in a myriad of colors as she assessed Arthur’s internal data. 
Eventually her irises returned to their original colors. “General Arthur’s mana flow for 
spellcasting earth and wind have increased by four percent and two percent, 
respectively.”
“And that’s a… good thing?” Elder Buhnd asked, his thick brows knitted in confusion.
“The rate of General Arthur’s growth is… impressive, to say the least. It has been less 
than a week, yet the improvement he has made with his peripheral elements is 
remarkable,” she replied before recording her newest findings into her journal.
“I think you’d be more helpful in the war if you led a larger group of soldiers, rather 
than trying to push that old body of yours,” a familiar voice sounded from behind us.
My eyes widened as I realized it was Commander Virion, and he was accompanied by 
General Bairon and Master Varay.
I immediately lowered my head in respect.
“No need for such formalities. I’m just here to check up on my youngest general,” 
Commander Virion said. “Actually, let me apologize in advance.”
I raised my head tentatively, locking eyes with Master Varay. My ice magic teacher 
regarded me with her strong gaze before turning her attention to the aftermath of 
Hester and Arthur’s mock battle.
“That sort of passive-aggressiveness is beneath you, Virion—I mean, Commander,” 
Elder Camus responded with a slight smile.
“Part of my job is making sure my strongest assets are as effective as they can be,” 
Commander Virion responded, smiling amiably as he squeezed Elder Camus’s shoulder.
“What are you apologizing for?” Elder Buhnd asked. “Don’t tell me you’re going to cut 
our play—training time short! I was just about to go next!”
“Actually, Princess Kathyln was scheduled to go next,” Miss Emeria corrected.
Master Varay approached me casually, tenderly picking out a piece of debris that had 
become lodged in my hair. “It’s been a while, Kathyln. You’ve gotten stronger.”
Blushing, I quickly combed my fingers through my hair, trying to tidy my unkempt 
appearance. “Thank you, Master. I’ve been growing in strength while training 
alongside the elders and General Arthur.”
She nodded before shifting her gaze behind me. I looked back to see Arthur pulling 
Hester back up on her feet. I could make out Arthur’s lips moving but it was impossible 
to hear what he was saying.
“I just arrived from a mission and have some rare free time,” she began, unclipping the 
fur-lined cloak from her shoulders.
The rich midnight-blue cloth fell to the ground, revealing her signature battle attire, a 
minimal navy armor with gold accents that looked like a gift from the asuras when she 
wore it.
I stepped out of the way and let her pass, already knowing what she was going to ask.
“At least the show’s going to be entertaining,” Elder Buhnd grumbled as conjured a 
stone chair and sat down.
“Umm, General Varay, I’m not sure the artifact has enough fuel to withstand a duel of 
this caliber,” Emily said, raising a shaky hand.
Without breaking stride, Master Varay locked eyes with Arthur. Even in his disheveled 
and worn-out state, his eyes gleamed as his mouth curved into a smile.
“Bairon. Help Miss Watsken fuel up her artifact for my little skirmish against our newest 
Lance.”
I watched as Arthur and my master faced each other, just a dozen feet apart. Their 
presences collided terrifyingly, submerging the room in a heavy shroud as they waited.
Finally, Miss Watsken’s strained voice croaked from behind us as if she was already 
regretting what she was about to say. “Th-The barrier is ready… I think.”
Her voice was soft, but Master and Arthur must’ve heard because their auras 
thickened around them. A shimmering veil of bluish silver surrounded my master—
unlike Arthur’s aura, which was a myriad of different hues, no doubt because of his 
multiple affinities.
Commander Virion, along with the elders and even General Bairon, watched in silence, 
each of them afraid to blink in case they missed anything. I could sympathize with 
them—I was standing as close as I could without endangering myself.
Just the mere sight of them was awe-inspiring. I felt a sense of pride watching my 
master and the presence she had even in a room filled with masters of magic. I had no 
doubt that, regardless of the many sparring sessions I could provide for Arthur, 
training just once with Master Varay was more valuable for him.
Suddenly, my master’s body flickered and disappeared. Arthur reacted instantly, his 
form flashing away just in time to dodge her first strike.
Where her frozen lance pierced the ground, ice formed and spread.
Arthur seemed to want to test his own ice magic against her, because he responded by 
hurling a shockwave of frost.
With a flick of her wrist, Master Varay dispersed the shockwave, using Arthur’s frost 
to fuel her own magic. The white mist swirled, forming a dozen spears of ice around 
her. She clutched her fist and the ice spears responded to her call, shooting towards 
her opponent.
As impressive as Master Varay’s control over ice was, Arthur’s speed in dodging her 
barrage was even more splendid. His body seemed to have split and multiplied from 
the afterimages. I had heard that he was able to go even faster, but his body wasn’t able 
to handle the stress.
Someone beside me clicked their tongue. I turned to see Buhnd wearing an expression 
of frustration. “I see the young General was holding back on us.”
“Arthur has a tendency to hold back with anyone he even suspects is weaker than him. 
Against Varay, he can go at full strength,” Commander Virion said, his arms crossed.
“Why isn’t he using that form of his? Realmheart, I think he called it,” Hester asked, 
her face still strained after her duel against Arthur.
“I think it’s so he can enjoy the fight longer,” a light voice answered. “It’s not everyday 
you see my brother look so happy.”
Arthur’s little sister was watching from atop her bond as if in a trance. She had the 
same gaze I often saw on Arthur when he was truly focused on something. They really 
did resemble one another.
A loud crash drew my attention back to the battle. Where there had once been only a 
dirt field was now a snowy expanse. Master Varay, who had just blocked an attack from 
Arthur, waved her arm and manipulated the snow around her. A vortex of frost swirled 
to life, forming a spiraling serpent.
Elder Buhnd whistled in appreciation as all eyes followed Master’s creation. A snowy 
frost formed the long body of the dragon, and its jagged claws and fangs were made of 
ice.
The ice dragon opened its maw at Arthur, who readied himself. Brilliant blue flames 
coiled around his arms, melting the snow in a circle around him as his gaze remained 
locked on the mighty dragon.
“Smart move, giving up on playing to her strengths,” Hester praised.
Arthur lowered his stance, digging his back legs into the ground for support before he 
unleashed his fiery attack.
The coiling vines of blue fire around his arms conjoined before erupting into a 
devastating blast at the frost dragon.
Their two opposing spells crashed, enveloping them in an expanding sphere of steam 
and debris.
“Careful!” Elder Camus grunted, conjuring a barrier of wind around the spectators.
We all braced ourselves for the shockwave that ripped through the room following the 
collision. The ground trembled and cracked, and pieces of rock and ice bombarded the 
protective spell around us.
As the cloud of steam and dust faded, I could see two figures in the air. Master Varay 
was flying, with two dozen frost spheres the size of her fists circling around her. Arthur 
was slowly descending, using wind magic to stay somewhat afloat.
With a wave of his arms, Arthur unleashed a torrent of wind blades at Master Varay. 
However, before the crescents reached her, they seemed to slow and fall off course.
“Air pressure drops when the air cools,” Arthur noted. “Don’t I feel stupid for that last 
attack.”
“Admitting your shortcomings is a step forward,” Master Varay acknowledged with the 
slightest hint of a smile on her face.
With a flick of her wrist, the spheres of frost launched toward Arthur—but not directly 
at him.
Arthur seemed to sense the danger they posed because he immediately covered 
himself in a whirlwind of blue fire.
“He’s utilizing both fire and wind to amplify the power of his spell,” Hester remarked.
Just as the spheres of frost were about to explode, Arthur unleashed his fiery tempest. 
The blue fire roared to life, engulfing Master Varay’s spell.
The swirling gale of fire remained, hiding Arthur within. I expected the blue flames to 
soon dissipate, but instead the embers swirled as if being sucked in.
That’s when I saw it.
The flames had converged, coating Arthur’s giant spear of lightning in a layer of blue 
fire.
“Not bad,” General Bairon admitted, his gaze locked on the fearsome spear of fire and 
lightning.
“It would’ve been good if he could manipulate metal for the base of his attack,” Elder 
Buhnd muttered.
As Arthur slowly descended in the air, he hurled his spell. Just as he released the fire 
and lightning spear, a gust of wind swirled around him and his attack. The spear 
ripped through the sky, accelerating rapidly from the wind he had added at the last 
minute.
Elder Camus nodded in approval. “Using wind as a supportive spell.”
Master Varay was obviously wary of the strength of Arthur’s spell, because she 
conjured protective barriers made of multiple layers of ice.
Unfortunately for her, Arthur seemed to have predicted this because the layer of fire 
surrounding the spear of lightning melted through every layer of protection she had 
conjured.
Most of the people present seemed to be anxious about whether she would be able to 
block Arthur’s attack, but I knew better. While I wanted to root for Arthur, I knew he 
wasn’t the only one holding back.
The elemental spear exploded upon contact with Master Varay’s body, throwing her 
back in the air with her form engulfed in fire and lightning. Arthur landed on the 
ground, his body slumped forward, his breathing heavy.
“So she used that form,” General Bairon said, eyes wide and tone appreciative.
Arthur’s sister and the others, who didn’t know what he was talking about, looked at 
him in confusion, but I was already expecting it. I had learned that form from her, after 
all.
“I suggest you take it up a step as well, General Arthur,” Master Varay said, her form 
now visible.
It was the form Arthur had referred to as an “ice ninja,” but a few stages higher. Master 
was now completely clad in frost, as if her very body was carved out of ice. Every 
strand of hair looked like a crystalline thread, and her eyes glowed a bright blue.
Though Arthur’s expression was appreciative as he looked over Master Varay’s form, 
his tone was lighthearted as he spoke. “I suppose it is time to bring this to a close.”
He closed his eyes and took a breath. That casual action seemed to change the entire 
atmosphere in the room. My master’s form exuded a presence of awe, but Arthur was 
distorting the very space around him.
I had seen this form before, yet it still made shivers run down my spine.
Arthur opened his eyes, his irises now a magnificent lavender hue and his long auburn 
hair a brilliant white. That wasn’t all, though. Arthur was muttering something under 
his breath. Soon after, a surge of black lightning enveloped his body.
“Oh… Oh my,” Miss Watsken muttered. “G-General Bairon. Would you mind charging 
more of your mana into the artifact?”
“Good idea,” Hester agreed. “We’ll help out as well. Buhnd, you should make a bunker 
around us.”
The earth around beneath sank a few feet so that we all had to stand to see the fight. 
In the distance were two distinct figures. One looked like a translucent statue carved 
by a master sculptor, while the other seemed like a mighty deity in human form.
“So. Do you think you can beat Arthur in a fight?” Commander Virion casually asked 
General Bairon.
The Lance remained silent while he imbued the crystal on Emily’s panel with mana, 
his stern gaze focused on Master Varay and Arthur.
I turned my attention back to them as well, just in time to hear a series of pops in the 
space between them.
“What’s happening?” Arthur’s sister asked, squinting her eyes.
I’m not sure either, I thought.
“General Arthur is spellcasting, but for some reason, it’s not visible,” Miss Emeria 
explained, sounding confused as well.
“The boy is countering Varay’s spells before they even manifest,” General Bairon 
answered, gnashing his teeth.
“How is that possible?” Hester asked.
“It has something to do with that form,” Commander Virion replied, his sharp eyes wide 
in amazement.
The ‘pop’ sounds were the mana colliding and cancelling each other out, I realized.
Arthur’s form blurred and disappeared, only to reappear behind Master Varay, his leg 
high in the air. He struck, and a shockwave of mana and electricity ripped out, but was 
immediately met with a blast of icy frost.
Master Varay responded by swinging her arm. Arthur parried with a hand, but the 
ground beneath them shattered from the force.
They were now engaging in melee combat. Every time Master Varay tried to form a 
spell, it dissipated immediately.
Still, she seemed to be holding her own against Arthur. She had formed a crystalline 
sword in each hand; Arthur had one as well, though his was a little thinner.
Their ice swords chipped with each block, strike and parry, the broken remnants 
sparkling in the reflection of the room’s lights. Both of them had formed their weapons 
from ice, yet only Arthur’s conjured sword seemed to break—Master Varay’s swords 
remained strong.
Despite this disadvantage, however, I could tell that, in such close combat, Arthur had 
the upper hand. His movements—the ones I could see—were fluid yet unpredictable. 
Each slash and stab connected, flowing into one neverending combination of 
attacks—and he did this all while forming a new sword of ice every time his previous 
weapon broke. Even with my untrained eyes, I could tell that each of his attacks had 
meaning, like he was slowly guiding my master in an elegant dance.
What enraptured me most, however, wasn’t his stunning swordplay, but his 
expression. He was smiling—practically beaming.
Ah, he is having fun, I thought, my mind wandering as I tried to remember the last time 
I had considered magic fun.
Unable to recall a particular instance, I concentrated on the fight. It’s rare for Master 
to exhibit so much of her ability. I need to take notes.
Arthur was fighting straightforwardly, while Master attempted to incorporate longranged attacks while simultaneously striking at Arthur. However, because of his ability 
to seemingly counter every spell, she was left with only close-range combat.
“Oy, Camus. Want to bet? I think the young general is going to win this one,” Elder 
Buhnd muttered, his eyes locked on the battle.
“It’s hard to gauge who has the upper hand,” Elder Camus responded, not answering 
his companion’s actual question. “General Arthur’s speed and reflexes are several 
steps above General Varay’s, but General Varay’s defense seems to allow for more 
error.”
“I agree,” Hester added. “Most of General Arthur’s strikes can’t penetrate that ice-clad 
form of hers, and she seems to have the flexibility of manipulating that armor into 
whatever shape or weapon she wants.”
“Incredible. General Arthur’s mana flow speed is constantly accelerating,” Miss Emeria 
breathed, shifting her gaze between her notepad and Arthur.
“So do you want to bet or not?” Elder Buhnd grumbled.
“I will wager on General Varay,” Hester said.
“General Arthur for me,” Elder Camus replied.
“Varay for me,” General Bairon said.
Commander Virion only chuckled. “Let’s see who wins.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Looking up, I locked eyes with Varay as she returned to her normal form, the ice that 
enveloped her slowly thawing.
“Good duel, General Arthur,” Varay said, extending a hand.
I grabbed her arm and allowed her to pull me up to my feet. “As expected, there’s still 
a gap between us.”
“If you were able to hold that form for an extended period of time, there’s a chance 
you could’ve overpowered me,” Varay admitted.
“I consider that form a borrowed power, not my own,” I said, patting the dust from my 
clothes. “I thought I had mastered ice to a large extent, but seeing you today makes me 
doubt myself.”
Varay revealed just the faintest glimmer of a smile before heading toward where my 
sister and the rest of our audience watched.
As soon as we made it back to the group, the elders, Bairon and Virion—who had been 
exchanging gold coins for some reason—eagerly began bombarding me with 
suggestions and tips on what I had done wrong in my sparring session with Varay.
“Your fire spells are strong, but you expended an unnecessary amount of mana with 
each of them,” Hester began.
“That’s right,” Buhnd chimed in. “And there were many instances where utilizing your 
earth magic would’ve been more beneficial, yet you chose to revert back to your 
comfortable affinities.”
My head spun as I tried to make eye contact with everyone who was talking to me. 
Then Alanis spoke up. “Elders. I believe it’d be most beneficial for General Arthur if we 
spoke one at a time and in a more controlled setting.”
“I agree,” Virion added. “Let’s gather around and examine what our young general did 
wrong.”
With that, I found myself on a stone chair, graciously erected by Buhnd, sitting in a 
circle like a child and his classmates for a group activity. But my ‘classmates’ were 
perhaps some of the most powerful and influential figures on this entire continent.
Ellie and Boo joined us in the circle, but remained silent. Everyone else began pointing 
out specific instances of things I could have done better in my last fight.
“Using wind to bolster your spells was a good idea, but your application of it was 
surface level,” Camus explained. “For example, instead of using the wind to push the 
lightning spear, why not integrate it around the entire spell itself? That way, you’d 
create a spinning force to strengthen its piercing power without using that much more 
mana.”
I was mulling over the elven elder’s analysis when another voice spoke up. It was Bairon.
“Because of the element’s very nature, shaping lightning is much harder than shaping 
fire. A more efficient attack would’ve been molding the fire into a piercing shape and 
coating it with lightning,” he said sternly.
“Thanks… for the advice,” I said, surprised by his help. I understood that we were on 
the same side and all, but I was still the one who had brutally killed his brother.
Lucas deserved every ounce of what I had done to him and more, of course, but that 
didn’t stop Bairon from taking my actions against his relative personally.
“Allow me to give just one insight,” Varay said. “Your control over ice is good, but as 
your opponent, it was clear that your ice magic merely served as a distraction. I’m sure 
Princess Kathyln saw this as well.”
The princess nodded. “Besides the spell Absolute Zero, most of his ice manipulation 
serves to divert his foe’s attention from his more powerful lightning spells.”
Have I become that predictable?
As if answering my thought, Varay added, “Your speed and spell chaining make up for 
this slight shortcoming, but I suspect that—in a prolonged battle—this would lead to 
your defeat.”
“I’ll keep your advice in mind. Thank you.” I shifted my gaze to Kathyln and added, 
“Both of you.”
Virion seized this opportunity, rising from his stone seat and clasping his hands. “Well, 
I apologize for our little interruption. Carry on with the training, Arthur. My 
expectations for your growth are high, especially since you’re taking time off from the 
battlefield.”
The commander shot me a wink before heading for the entrance with his hands 
behind his back. The two Lances followed close on either side of him and I watched 
their figures until the large doors closed behind them.
“That was exhausting,” Emily said, letting out a deep breath.
“Being in a room with two Lances and Commander Virion really leaves no room to 
breathe,” my sister added, falling forward on top of Boo’s furry back.
“Three Lances,” I corrected. “Your brother’s a Lance too, you know.”
“Well, you’re my brother first.” She dismissed me with a wave of her hand.
I got up from my seat and stretched my sore limbs. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Is training done for today?” Kathyln asked, keeping her eyes downcast.
Emily walked over to the panel, carefully reading one of the gauges. “Well, there’s still 
a lot of mana stored in here from earlier if you want to continue training.”
“Sounds like a plan!” Buhnd exclaimed, shooting up from his seat. “I’m itching to 
stretch my body after watching that fight. You down for a little match, Princess?”
Kathyln eagerly nodded and followed the dwarven elder to the other end of the 
training ground.
“I think I’ll head on up,” my sister said, mid-yawn.
“Do you want me to walk you to your room?” I asked.
Ellie shook her head, patting Boo’s thick body. “That’s what I have Boo for.”
I nodded, shooting her a smile. “Good night.”
With her eyes half-closed, she gave me a weak salute. “Good night, elders. Good night, 
Emily. Good night, Miss Emeria. And good night, Lance Arthur.”
I scoffed. “Cheeky girl.”
My sister batted her eyes innocently before trotting out of the room, leaving only 
Emily, Alanis, and the two remaining elders.
“Your sister is very different from you, General Arthur,” Alanis commented.
I couldn’t help but smile. “She definitely takes more after our father.”
“And you more closely resemble your mother?” the elven assistant asked, her eyes 
fixed on Kathyln’s and Buhnd’s figures.
I watched the two of them as well as they adjusted their dueling equipment before 
beginning their spar. “I’m not sure. I’d like to think I’m a mixture of both.”
“Who else would you resemble if not either of them?” Hester asked.
I simply shrugged, unable to form a better response. Then I heard a yawn from behind 
us.
Looking back over my shoulder, I could see Emily’s head bobbing as she struggled to 
stay awake.
“Emily,” I called, startling the artificer.
Emily fumbled with the dials on her panel as if she had been working. “I’m not sleeping!”
“No one said you were,” I said. “But maybe you should get some rest.”
“General Arthur is right,” Alanis said. “I have the basic knowledge of how to operate 
the device from watching you.”
The artificer yawned widely, adjusting her glasses. “Thank you, but it’s okay. I need to 
collect more data and compare the fpu from General Varay and Arthur’s last battle.”
“Speaking of that, you haven’t really given us any of the data from my training sessions 
with the elders over the past few days,” I said.
“I’ve been wondering about that as well,” Camus added, turning his gaze from Kathyln 
and Buhnd’s duel. “I’m curious to see how my spells measure.”
“Yes, of course. However, the numbers won’t really have any meaning to them out of 
context,” Emily explained. “I currently have a few assistants in several academies 
testing out lower end versions of this artifact. They’re getting recordings from their 
students so we can gather a wide enough spectrum to have a reference.”
“Ah, so the fpu was intended more to be used to compare amongst other mages?” I 
asked.
The artificer nodded excitedly. “Exactly! I can, however, compare the fpu readings 
between the mages present here. But I’d be more confident in the overall measurements 
if we had more data.”
Camus’s lips curved into a smile, his eyes hidden behind silvery-blond bangs. “I 
wonder which of us oldies is the strongest.”
The two elders soon fell into arguing about who they thought was strongest, while I 
returned my gaze to Kathyln and Buhnd.
The duel was drawing to a close. Kathyln was almost completely out of breath while 
Buhnd had barely broken a sweat. Spikes of ice and earth surrounded them and small 
craters littered the ground, but neither had taken any visible wounds besides fatigue. 
When the princess finally dipped her head in a bow, the duel was over.
“Are you up for a little stretch with this old elf?” Camus suddenly asked, turning to me. 
“I want to show you something.”
My mana pool was almost completely depleted and my limbs ached, but the elder had 
piqued my interest. “Sure. Only if Hester doesn’t mind.”
“Don’t mind me,” Kathyln’s guardian said dismissively. “I’ll stay here and judge you 
both from afar.”
The two of us passed Buhnd and Kathyln on our way to the other end of the training 
room. I stuck my hand out to the princess, expecting a high-five. Instead, all I got was 
a confused gaze before she shyly clasped my hand between her hands.
I suppressed a laugh, scolding myself for expecting a princess to know such a casual 
greeting.
“Are you two done?” Camus asked, eyeing me curiously.
Kathyln, who I now realized was still holding onto my hand, quickly let go and scurried 
off.
Camus and I positioned ourselves a few feet apart. I tightened the bands around my 
limbs and readied myself to begin.
Camus lowered his stance, holding an open palm out toward me. “Before we start, I 
want you to throw a punch at me, right here.”
“What?”
“A punch, right here in this palm that I have so helpfully held out.”
“Just a punch?” I asked, confused.
“An augmented punch, one that you would throw at your enemies.” He spread his legs 
a bit wider. “Come on, I’m ready.”
“Okay.” I shrugged, then covered the few feet of ground between us. Planting my foot 
just below his extended arm, I turned my hips, waist, shoulder and arm in one fluid 
motion. Mana coursed up, flowing in conjunction with the punch to produce a concise, 
explosive effect without wasting a drop of mana.
Just before my fist hit Camus’s palm, however, it suddenly felt like I was trying to force 
my fist through a thick layer of tar. I could see my own fist slowing until it fell gently 
into Camus’s open hand, barely making a noise.
The old elf grabbed my fist and bobbed it as if we were shaking hands. “Hello.”
I snatched my hand out of his grasp. “What the hell was that?”
“You’re a smart lad; figure it out,” the elder answered.
Gazing down at my unharmed fist, I went through what had just happened. After my 
initial surprise died down, it was fairly easy to deduce that he had somehow used wind 
to cushion my punch—but I had barely felt any mana fluctuations surrounding his 
hand.
“Figured it out yet?” Camus asked.
My brows furrowed in thought. “You somehow you used wind to slow my punch.”
“A tad broad for an answer, don’t you think?” The elder said, clearly enjoying my 
confusion. “I had an inkling during these past few days but your duel with General 
Varay was what made me sure.”
“Can we try that again?” I asked, taking a step back.
He held up his palm again. “Sure.”
I punched him again, with the same effect. I punched him once more, not able to grasp 
exactly how he was using wind to achieve this effect.
“One more time,” I said, frustration seeping into my voice.
Basic mana theory stated that when like elements collided, they weakened each other 
or canceled each other completely based on mana output. Utilizing the theory that I 
had learned from one of the many books I had read as a child, I augmented my fist 
with wind attribute mana.
I restrained my mana output since dispersing Camus’s technique wasn’t my goal. As I 
punched again, this time I felt it. The air pressure.
My fist struck firmly, sounding a solid smack that made the elf take a step back.
He rubbed his injured hand. “You caught on quick.”
“You used air pressure!” I beamed excitedly. “You created a vacuum around me and 
raised the air pressure in your palm to slow down my fist.”
The elder tilted his head. “You use strange terms, but it sounds like you got the gist of it.”
“That’s brilliant! How did you think of doing that?” I asked, unable to contain my 
excitement.
The scientific progress in this world was miles behind where I had come from. 
However, Camus had figured out how to utilize an advanced principle of air pressure—
not just on himself, but on his opponent as well—to create a powerful effect.
Why didn’t I think of that? I asked myself. I had the knowledge within me, yet I had 
failed to apply it to such an important aspect of this world.
Camus’s voice snapped me back to reality. “You’re probably wondering ‘Why didn’t I 
think of that,’ right?”
I looked up. “Yes, in fact.”
“It’s what I suspected early on,” Camus answered. “Hester, Buhnd, the princess, and I 
are all here because you wished to immerse yourself in all elements in hopes of picking 
up little bits of how we utilize our magic so you can incorporate it into your own style, 
right?”
“Basically,” I agreed.
The elder’s voice grew sharp. “Well, the problem lies in the fact that your ‘style’ is so 
skewed toward offense, you never even think to use the myriad of elements that you 
have at your disposal in defensive measures, aside from the blatantly obvious way of 
raising a wall.
“You’ve only thought of wind in the form of either a blade or a tornado. You think of 
earth as a spike or a wall, yet truly mastering these elemental affinities means 
knowing the subtleties of their nature, which might not always be visible or geared 
toward killing your enemy,” Camus chided me, his usual sardonic demeanor gone. “I
saw you studying those marks on the ground during Buhnd’s duel with the princess. 
Do you know what they’re from?”
The obvious answer would’ve been craters from an attack, but I knew that wasn’t it so 
I shook my head. “No, I don’t.”
“Masters in earth magic can redirect the force of an opponent’s attack into the ground 
below them. Doing so accurately can negate nearly all of an attacker’s physical assault.”
I stood there, unable to form a response.
Camus patted me on the shoulder.“You’re technically in a higher position than me so I 
suppose it’s rude for me to lecture, but let me just say this. Your utilization of the 
elements is good—great, in fact. However, you constantly choose to shape your spells 
and attacks around either hurting your opponent or enhancing yourself to dodge your 
opponent, and while that may be good for one-on-one duels, the battles you’ll face 
won’t always be like that. The time you have here is short, so let’s make it count.”
I realized it had been a while since I had been lectured like that. It left a sour taste in 
my mouth and it was humbling, but I knew he was right.
Camus held out a hand and smiled.
“You’re right. Thank you, Camus.” I returned the gesture, clasping his hand.
“You gotta do better than that, young general,” Buhnd grinned, wagging his finger.
Infusing fire into the mini gales of wind in my palms, I prepared to try and hit the 
dwarven elder once more. Then a barrage of wind orbs hailed down from above.
With a click of my tongue, I ignored Buhnd’s provocation and focused my attention on 
Camus’s assault. I easily dodged the orbs of wind—until the ground beneath my feet 
rose and stiffened around my leg, immobilizing me.
One of the wind orbs nicked me in the shoulder, but it felt like I had been hit by a
cannonball.
I fought the need to curse and just gritted my teeth against the pain.
That’s how you want to play?
My initial reaction was to raise up a wall of earth or ice in hopes of blocking Camus’s 
barrage, but over the past few days, I’d been constantly trying to come up with better 
ways to handle certain situations.
This often meant running through various scenarios and trying to think of multiple 
ways around them, taking into account the cost of mana and my physical stamina.
The orbs of wind felt almost solid, but they were actually whirlwinds packed into a 
sphere. I abandoned my usual response—erecting a solid wall in hopes of deterring 
the wind spell—instead enveloping my arms in condensed gales of wind.
Rather than trying to block the attack, I used my wind gauntlets to redirect the orbs. 
As I expected, the clash of winds propelled Camus’s spheres in different directions.
“You both are going to have to do better than that,” I taunted. Then, with another 
thought, I aimed the gauntlets down at the stone cast trapping my legs to the ground.
“Interesting concept,” Camus said approvingly from where he floated above me in a 
swirl of wind.
“That cockiness will be the death of you,” Buhnd added with an eager smile.
The old dwarf began running toward me. Chunks of earth began congregating around 
him, forming an armor of stone mid-charge. Meanwhile, Camus kept his distance, 
preparing another spell.
I expected another barrage of wind from the elf, but instead a gale formed right behind 
the dwarf, abruptly accelerating his charge so that his stone fist was in range before I 
could blink.
Buhnd was fast, but I still had time to react—or so I thought.
When I raised my arm to block his augmented fist, I was met with resistance. The 
familiar sensation of my body being submerged in a viscous liquid washed over me 
once more.
While accelerating Buhnd’s movement, Camus was also increasing the air pressure 
around me to slow me down.
Before I could break free of his spell, my face was met with the loving touch of Buhnd’s 
giant stone fist.
My vision flashed black for a split second and I found myself on the ground, Buhnd’s 
stone-clad form just a few feet away.
Ignoring the high-pitched ringing in my ear, I forced myself to focus. The gears in my 
mind whirred into overdrive and I found myself thinking about the crevices that 
formed in the ground whenever Buhnd sparred. Every time he was met with a physical 
attack, a crater formed beneath his feet as if a meteor had struck the earth.
At first, I thought it was the force of the spells that caused the ground to cave below 
Buhnd, but now I knew it wasn’t as simple as that.
“Try to block this!” Buhnd exclaimed, raising a rock arm in the air. The stone that made 
up the thick armored fist shifted and convulsed as if coming to life. Buhnd’s stone-clad 
arm changed shape as I watched, forming a giant hammer twice his size.
A rush of wind coated the hammer as it was about to drive down into me.
If that hits me, I’m done for sure.
The memories of the craters Buhnd had formed continued to flash in my mind—then 
suddenly it clicked.
Still lying on the ground, I raised a hand directly in the path of the giant hammer. I 
augmented my body but not in the protective way I normally did. Instead, I envisioned 
a tunnel-like path of earthen mana both inside and outside of my body.
I spotted a trace of hesitation on Buhnd’s face, but there was no way for him to stop 
his attack now that it was just inches away from me.
If this doesn’t work, I’m going to be in a lot of pain, I thought.
The hammer struck my palm and I could feel my whole body protest. Normally, if I 
attempted to block an attack that strong with just a hand, my arm would’ve shattered, 
but instead, the ground below me took the force.
I found myself in the epicenter of a crater the size of my room with my hand still 
stretched out. My arm, shoulder, ribs, and back felt sore, but I had succeeded.
Still wearing his armor of stone, Buhnd looked down at me in disbelief—then a smile 
crept across his bearded face. “You’re a bit scary, General.”
I stifled a laugh and attempted to get up. A surge of pain rushed through me.
I lied. It wasn’t just a few parts of me that felt sore—it was every fiber of my body.
“Oww,” I croaked, finally succeeding in sitting up.
Buhnd dispersed his earthen armor and stuck out a burly hand. “It hurts, doesn’t it?”
“Very much,” I admitted. “You made it look like nothing.”
“Well, I have better control over that technique than you do, and I wouldn’t be stupid 
enough to try and divert the force of an attack that strong in the first place,” the dwarf 
replied. He tried to drape my arm over his shoulder, but my legs dragged awkwardly 
on the ground due to our difference in height.
“Here, let me help,” Camus said as he floated down to the ground. An updraft lifted me 
to my feet as Camus dipped his head below my other arm.
“I was going to carry the boy like the princess he is.” Buhnd gave me a wink.
Rolling my eyes, I leaned on Camus. “Leave me with some dignity.”
“You took a risk, but I’m guessing it was worth it?” Camus scoffed, his eyes still hidden 
behind his bangs.
“For now, yes—but we’ll see how I feel about it tomorrow morning,” I groaned, limping 
alongside the elf.
My sister came running up to me, her gaze laced with concern. “Are you okay? I mean, 
I know you’re strong and all but that was a big crater you just made.”
Close behind my sister, Emily adjusted her glasses as she peered out at the sparring 
zone. “Luckily the crater didn’t reach the disks underground.”
“Thanks for your concern, Ellie.” I smiled wearily before turning my gaze to my 
assistant close behind her. “I should be fine… right, Alanis?”
Her eyes shifted into their multicolored hue for a second, then back to their original 
colors. “The shock disrupted your mana flow, which is the cause of your internal pains. 
I suggest you get some rest, General Arthur.”
“Good idea,” Buhnd agreed. “I remember my first attempts at trying the force diversion 
spell. You’re lucky to have gotten away with just some soreness.”
“Lucky or skilled,” my sister pointed out smugly.
Buhnd laughed. “Yes. Or skilled.”
“Hester and Princess Kathyln are away visiting Prince Curtis at Lanceler Academy 
anyway, so no harm in cutting practice short today,” Camus mentioned, carefully 
setting me down.
“Ooh, I can just imagine all those would-be knights, glistening with sweat, eyes trailing 
our princess wherever she goes…” Emily trailed off. “I should’ve gone with her.”
My sister nodded wistfully. “Me too. My friend says the guys there are good looking… 
and toned.”
“Eleanor! You’re only twelve!” I sputtered.
“Don’t ‘Eleanor’ me! I’m a curious lady isolated from the world because of my 
distinguished upbringing resulting from being the cherished sister of this continent’s 
youngest Lance!” she said, wiping away a nonexistent tear.
Emily fell into a fit of laughter, and even Alanis looked amused as I stared at my sister.
“Don’t be so overprotective of her. I had my first wife when I was your sister’s age,” 
Buhnd said with a snort.
“Well, humans and dwarves have different societal standards for these kinds of 
things,” I protested.
“Ooh, you’re being racist, Brother.” My sister shook her head disapprovingly and 
Buhnd clutched at his heart in mock despair. Meanwhile, Camus and Alanis looked 
amused, but neither seemed to have any intention of backing me up.
I clicked my tongue. “Well, Lady Eleanor, I’m sure the boys will be flocking to you 
knowing that your brother can wipe them off the face of the continent with a flick of 
his finger if he chooses.”
Ellie’s face paled as she gasped. “You wouldn’t.”
Satisfied with her reaction, I simply shrugged, letting her imagination take over. Then 
I made my way to the edge of the training room.
I took a seat against the cold wall, watching Emily and my sister pack some of the 
training equipment while Buhnd talked to Alanis.
Camus sat beside me. “Your sister is quite the character.”
“Yeah,” I chuckled. “She’s always had a strong personality.”
“You must be worried about her with the war going on.”
“She and my parents are a big part of why I’m a part of this war,” I answered, watching 
my sister and Emily laughing as they talked.
“Understandable,” Camus said. “Protecting your loved ones is the biggest motivator 
for soldiers out in battle, but it’s also the loss of the ones you want to protect that often 
causes soldiers to lose sight of their cause.”
“It sounds like you speak from experience,” I said seriously, turning my gaze to him.
“An old story for another time, but yes. It’s the reason I remained in seclusion for so 
long.”
I blinked. “But Virion mentioned you’re the head of a unit now.”
“An empty title. After I lost my wife and my vision during the last war, I had no 
intention of ever fighting again,” he muttered. “Before this, I just gave my input to the 
acting head.”
“Wait. Your vision?” I asked, my brows furrowed in confusion.
Camus lifted his silver-blond bangs to reveal two closed eyes, a jagged scar running 
through both lids.
“Hold on. You’re telling me you haven’t been able to see this entire time?” I blurted, 
unable to take my gaze off of him.
“Surprised?” the elf smirked, letting his bangs fall back over his face.
“Of course I’m surprised. We’ve been training together for weeks and not once did I 
suspect anything. I mean, even aside from your combat prowess, none of your 
mannerisms ever gave away the fact that you can’t see.”
“I can still see,” he corrected. “Seeing with your eyes is such a plebian practice when 
your control over wind allows you to sense even the smallest change around you.”
I stared in amazement, entirely taken aback. After a moment of silence, I asked, “Is 
that what you’ve been working on since retiring?”
“It definitely took a large part of my time,” he said.
“I bet.” I nodded, then wondered if he could tell what I was doing.
“At my level, sensing the movement of the air from your nodding is easy,” he said, as if 
reading my mind. “But I can’t see the details of facial expressions, which is probably 
why I can come off as rude or crass—or so I’ve been told.”
“I see—no pun intended,” I quickly corrected myself.
“Don’t worry about it. I came to terms with it fairly quickly,” he said, dismissing my 
concerns.
I hesitated. “Do you… ever miss it?” Of course he’d miss it, you dolt. Who wouldn’t miss 
having one of their senses?
“At times,” he said mildly. “But at the same time, the last thing I ever saw with my eyes 
was my wife. That fact allows me to keep her intact inside me.”
Do not cry, Arthur. Do not cry.
“That’s sad but… sweet,” I managed, struggling to keep my voice from trembling. “I’d 
love to hear your story sometime.”
“You’re young, General Arthur. Nothing good comes out of hearing tragic stories when 
there’s a whole war ahead of you,” Camus replied, clearing his throat. “Now off you go. 
Get some rest and come back tomorrow with a clear head.”
I carefully got to my feet. “Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”
Camus waved directly at me, giving no sign that his vision was impaired. “And if I catch 
so much as a whiff of you thinking about going easy on me now that you know, I will 
knock you down so hard—”
“Don’t worry,” I said, shaking my head. “I’m actually a little more scared of you now.”
The elf’s lips curved into a contented smile. “Good.”
My sister and her bond followed Alanis and Emily to the artificer’s work station at the 
castle, saying her bow needed some repairs and fine tuning. Alanis had been taking 
extensive notes on a daily basis during the training, but had refused to share them 
with me. She said that the training was going the way she had intended, and any 
information she shared with me might derail my training at this point. She promised 
to reveal her findings on my mana flow growth next week, after more data from 
Emily’s artifacts has been gathered.
Walking down the empty halls in the dead of night these last days had been a time for 
my own thoughts to wander. I thought a lot about the memories from my past life that 
had been resurfacing, which made me think more deeply about the even bigger 
question: What was I doing in this world?
My skeptical self refused to believe that it was all a coincidence, but I had nowhere 
near enough information to find out how I had come to this world or dimension.
I knew that the asuras—mainly Lord Indrath—knew more about me than he had 
shared, but I’d never get any sort of answers from him without offering something in 
return. I had some hope that if Dicathen came out of this war victorious, Lord Indrath 
would be more inclined to share some insights about me, but that was only a hope. A 
surer way to get some answers—and also the reason I had refused to accept the 
artifact given to Lances—was by surpassing the white core stage and unlocking more 
of the message Sylvia had left for me after we’d parted ways.
Hopefully, extracting the mana from Uto’s horn will lead to a breakthrough into the 
white core stage, I thought, though I had my doubts. Sylvie had been in a nearcomatose state while she hungrily extracted the mana from her horn. I had been 
worried about her at first, but I could feel the relaxed state of her mind through our 
mental transmissions.
When I unlocked and opened the door to my room, however, I found myself 
questioning that line of thought.
Sylvie—or rather, her silhouette—was glowing with an obsidian light. What shocked 
me, though, was that her form was shifting erratically. Her wings grew and shrank 
suddenly, and her tail convulsed before contracting. Sylvie’s small limbs elongated and 
her paws stretched out into something that vaguely resembled a… hand.
“S-Sylvie?” I muttered, unsure whether I should try and hold her or keep some 
distance.
After what seemed like an hour, the erratic changes in my bond’s body slowed down 
and she gradually shifted back to her vulpine form.
I held my breath, waiting for Sylvie to do something—anything.
Just then, her eyes shot open, revealing two clear orbs of topaz. Breathing deeply, 
Sylvie tilted her head. “Arthur? What’s wrong?”
“With me?” I asked. “Nothing… Are you okay?”
“What do you mean?” she replied, obviously confused.
“You—your body was changing.” I motioned with my hands, unable to form an 
accurate description of what I witnessed.
“I’m fine,” she said dismissively. “I actually feel really good. The mana in this horn is 
really potent.”
I scratched my head. “Well at least you’re making some progress. I’ve been having a 
hard time absorbing the mana.”
“Really? The mana has been flowing inside me naturally—almost like it was my own.”
I was perplexed by the difference between Sylvie’s progress and mine, but my fatigue 
overpowered any notion of investigating more deeply. “All right. Well, try and get some 
rest.”
My bond shook her little head. “No need. I can get by with fewer hours of sleep than 
lessers—even more so while absorbing this mana, actually.”
I fell flat on my bed. “Well, this lesser needs his sleep. I suspect I won’t even be able to 
come back up to my room over the next few weeks of training, so I need to relish the 
feeling of this bed while I can.”
“I can tell your training is going well,” my bond said. “I can feel the level of your 
strength rising steadily.”
“Mhmm. With my training progressing how it is, I should be able to hit white core 
soon, if I can extract the mana from Uto’s horn,” I mumbled drowsily.
“That’s great,” Sylvie replied, her clear voice lulling me into sleep. “Get some rest.”
“You… too,” I managed to say before drifting off to sleep.
My thoughts veered back to the sight of Sylvie’s form changing as she absorbed the 
mana from Uto’s horn. It had been a few days since that night, but her unexplainable 
shift in form still worried me. My days had been hectic; if I wasn’t training, I was either 
in a meeting, advising Gideon with the train project, or personally advising Virion on 
various aspects of the war. Even then, my thoughts always drifted back to what I had 
seen that night.
Sylvie didn’t seem to feel like anything was wrong—just the opposite, in fact. My bond 
had become deeply infatuated with the horn and the mana it provided for her. After 
that night, she had asked me for a private space so that she could continue absorbing 
the retainer’s mana without interruptions. I hadn’t seen her since then—my only 
comfort came from the calm traces of her mental state I detected through our bond 
connection.
“—neral Arthur!”
I jolted upright in my seat at the booming voice, only to see that the eyes of everyone 
in the room were on me. Around the large round table that had replaced its smaller 
predecessor, seated in large cushioned chairs, were myself, the other three remaining 
Lances, and the five members of the Council. Also joining us today for the exciting and 
fun-filled meeting was Gideon, who seemed to be wholly concentrated on picking 
something out of his left ear.
Oh right, I’m in a meeting.
“Are you feeling well, General Arthur?” King Glayder asked, his expression laced more 
with irritation than concern.
I shifted in my seat. “Of course.”
The king lowered his gaze to my hand. I followed his eyes, only to realize that the quill 
I held in my hand had snapped in half from my grip.
Clearing my throat, I faced everyone. “My apologies. I was lost in thought for a 
moment. Please continue.”
“We were moving on to the topic of this so-called ‘train’ that you and Artificer Gideon 
are planning. We were hoping the two of you would be able to give us an update on 
how that’s coming along,” Queen Eralith stated, her gaze switching between me and 
Gideon, who was sitting a few seats to my left.
Just the day before, Gideon and I had discussed the final details of the project. We were 
ready to move on to actually building the vehicle in order to secure a safe and fast 
supply route from Blackbend City to the Wall.
“Ah, yes.” The artificer smoothed out a crease on his dirty lab coat. “The landsh—I 
mean the train will be able to hold at least twenty times more supplies than the squads 
of carriages we have utilized until now.”
“What about the potential dangers while traveling between Blackbend and the Wall?” 
Varay asked with an inquisitive look. “From what I read, this ‘train’ seems to be limited 
to a set path. Won’t this make it easy for bandits, or even Alacryans, to attack and lay 
siege to our supply line?”
“I agree. I imagine it would be easy to destroy a portion of the track that the train relies 
on,” Aya added casually.
“Both good points, generals!” Gideon exclaimed. “Arth—General Arthur and I saw that 
as one of the pitfalls as well, and came up with a solution.”
“Oh? And what would that be?” Virion asked with a raised brow.
The artificer replied with a snarky grin. “To put it underground, Commander!”
There was a moment of silence where the royals and Lances present pondered the 
solution before King Glayder spoke up with a gruff tone. “The cost of doing all this 
would be excessive, don’t you think?”
Gideon coughed and looked to me, his eyes practically begging me to take over. Being 
the renowned artificer that he was, Gideon usually had the wealth and influence to 
build whatever inventions he wanted, but actually calculating the cost and benefit of 
creating something as large-scale as this was foreign to him.
Luckily, having read numerous books on economics and being personally taught by 
the shrewd and resourceful leader of the Council in my previous world, Marlorn, I had 
the answer. “You’re thinking about it the wrong way, King Glayder. The initial costs 
might seem high, but this project serves to potentially solve three problems at once.”
“I’m listening,” he replied with a raised brow. Everyone else leaned just a bit closer.
I took a breath and gathered my thoughts. “Aside from the main problem we’re trying 
to resolve, which is finding a more efficient way to transport supplies for soldiers 
stationed at the Wall, building the train helps to address two peripheral issues. One is 
the rising cost of purchasing domesticated mana beasts, which as you know is 
necessary because of the current state of the Beast Glades; the other is the increasing 
poverty.”
“Increasing poverty? What nonsense,” Bairon blurted. “Because of the war, business is 
booming!”
“Let General Arthur finish!” Queen Glayder said sharply, surprising me.
“Thank you,” I said, addressing Kathyln’s mother, before continuing. “Not to sound cold 
but ‘booming business’ mostly benefits business owners and highly skilled patrons, 
not the lower class citizens. Queen Glayder, I’d imagine that your reports from various 
cities mention an increasing number of riots due to the increase in taxes and prices of 
basic goods because of the demand from the war, correct?”
She flipped through several pages of the neat stack of papers in front of her. “How did 
you know that?”
Explaining everything would become cumbersome so I merely shrugged. “Simple 
cause and effect. This war is taking precedence over everything else, which means that 
priority will be given to those who are taking part. For everyone else, this means an 
increase in the cost of living, while their wage might not necessarily increase. More 
than that, because of the various attacks near the coasts and borders, fishermen aren’t 
able to fish and farmlands have been destroyed.”
“So you’re saying that this project will be a means to create jobs for those people?” 
King Eralith finished for me.
I nodded. “This underground path for the train will be a big project that can’t be 
finished with just a few competent earth mages. And while mages will be necessary 
for security of the tracks in predetermined locations, there will be many duties 
available for normal workers during the building process, and for maintenance.”
“Those are good points, General Arthur, but what about just using slaves?” King 
Glayder argued. “Wouldn’t it be more efficient and cost-effective to have slaves doing 
the labor instead of paying workers?”
Rather than answering, I glanced at Virion. Slavery was one of the many topics we had 
discussed, and Blaine’s question fell into one of the explanations I had given the 
commander.
“Slave labor has its limits as work becomes more skilled, King Glayder. I don’t think we 
should think of this train project as a one-off venture, but rather as the beginning of a 
new era. The introduction of the steam engine provides a new line of work for 
laborers, one that does not require magic. This too—whether it’s the workers actually 
building the tracks, or the designers planning the routes from one city to another—
will require skills that will never stem from what a slave is forced to do,” he stated with 
confidence.
The meeting room was quiet for the first time in what seemed like hours, until a whitesleeved hand shot up.
Everyone turned to Gideon, who was leaning his head on one hand while he raised the 
other. “I didn’t know if it was appropriate to speak in this rather uncomfortable 
silence. Anyway, I just wanted to say that this project will indeed be the beginning of 
many, and it’ll be a breeding ground for fostering new skill sets. If possible, I’d prefer 
not to work with slaves. If they’re forced to be there, they’ll no doubt be doing the bare 
minimum—which will cut into productivity of this urgent project.”
With that, the discussion came to a close, and everyone cast their vote anonymously 
on a piece of paper. After going over the results, I was glad that the hours of discussion 
on the issue hadn’t been for naught. The project to build the underground route and 
train was approved, along with several policies pertaining to it—one of which was the 
ban on slave labor. I trusted Gideon, who would be the head on this project, to be able 
to properly manage and teach the people working with him in the upcoming months 
so that they would be able to work—if not lead—the next train route project.
It was interesting to see a new era—one that had existed only in textbooks in my old 
world—begin to unfold here. This ‘industrial revolution,’ that had perhaps started 
with my introduction of the steam engine, was undoubtedly being hastened by the war 
with Alacrya. And while I would never be one to support war, I had to admit it did 
bring some favorable aspects to the table.
“Our little talks seem to be bearing fruit,” Virion noted as we walked down a narrow 
hallway, barely wide enough to fit three people abreast. Two armored guards followed 
closely behind us, while one led the way just a few steps ahead.
“You mean my insightful lectures on war and economics?” I corrected him.
“Oh, shush. I consider it payment for housing you for over three years while you were 
a wee child,” the old elf retorted.
I shrugged. “I don’t mind. I’m sure you would’ve come to a similar conclusion about 
using slave labor anyway.”
“Probably not as eloquently as I put it in the meeting, though,” Virion admitted. “Elves 
have prohibited slavery for over a hundred years now, but it was for moral reasons. I 
hadn’t thought about the economic benefits until you pointed it out last week.”
“Well, in a world where people are mainly divided according to who can use magic and 
who can’t, it’s hard to see past a lot of things,” I said.
“You sound as if you’ve been in a world that isn’t divided into magic users and normal 
people,” Virion teased.
I replied with a forced smile, opting for silence instead. That lasted until we reached a 
thick metal door with only one guard present.
The young guard—an elf, as evidenced by the long ears sticking out from his cropped 
hair—was small-framed but toned, his lean muscles minimally protected by armor. I 
could tell by his rich yellow aura that, like me, any form of thick armor would be more 
of a hindrance than protection. Two unadorned short swords, curved at the tip, hung 
by his waist, as opposed to the gaudy spears of the soldiers accompanying us, but even 
at a glance I could tell that he would easily wipe out all three soldiers ‘protecting’ us.
His eyes were glazed with boredom, but he perked up when he spotted Virion and me. 
“Good evening, Commander Virion and… General Arthur. Or is it morning already? My 
apologies; there are no windows here for me to tell.”
“It hasn’t been that long, Albold,” Virion replied with a smile before turning to me. 
“Arthur, this is Albold Chaffer of Chaffer House. He is from a strong military family, 
which has served the Eralith family for generations. Albold, I’m sure you’ve heard of 
Arthur Leywin.”
“I’ve been told that he might become the new Eralith family heir,” Albold said, his sharp 
eyes sparkling with interest.
I coughed in surprise, shooting a sharp glare at Virion. “New heir?”
“Well you see, General Arthur, when the royal family doesn’t have a son, the man 
marrying into the—”
I put out a hand. “I get it.”
“I’ve always wanted to meet you in person, General, but I’ve been stuc—entrusted with 
the paramount duty of guarding this door,” he said, motioning at the thick metal door. 
“I guessed it might be you coming here. It’s hard to believe, but you’re even more 
imposing than I’d imagined.”
I tilted my head. “I’m pretty sure I’ve been holding back my presence.”
“The Chaffer family are known for their eerily keen senses,” Virion explained.
“What’s he doing here then?” I inquired, regarding the elf, who was not much older 
than myself. “Your skills would be better suited for the field, no?”
“Albold was out in the Beast Glades until he defied a direct order from his head,” Virion 
answered for him. “Usually, he would have been given a demotion and strict 
punishment, but I know the boy and I happened to be at the scene, so I picked him up 
and placed him here.”
“And my appreciation for that gesture is as boundless as the northern sea!” Albold 
beamed, bowing deeply.
The guards behind us muttered a few words of disapproval but stopped when Albold’s 
gaze bored into them.
“Anyway, enough about this troublemaker,” Virion said dryly. “Albold, let us inside and 
lock the door after us.”
“Aye aye, Commander!” The elf saluted before unlocking the door and pulling it open.
A foul, musty smell infused with the stench of decay bombarded my nose as soon as 
the entrance to the dungeon was opened.
“Have a pleasant stay, everyone,” Albold said, gesturing us inside like a tour guide.
Virion rolled his eyes and muttered something about telling Albold’s father as he 
followed behind the leading soldier. It was amusing to see Albold stiffen and pale after 
overhearing the remark.
Surprisingly, the first level of the dungeon wasn’t as bad as I remembered it from when 
I had first come here, after the incident at Xyrus. The area was relatively well lit with 
spacious cells that seemed to have been empty for a while. If not for the mysterious 
stone walls that inhibited mana manipulation and the fact that the cells had reinforced 
metal bars rather than doors, it might have seemed like the designers of this castle 
had simply gotten lazy and decided to dub this area a dungeon.
Still, the lack of ventilation was stifling and, though the cells were mostly empty, they 
didn’t seem to have been cleaned in a long time.
“Does it bring up some unpleasant memories?” Virion asked, catching me studying the 
exact cell that I had been locked up in.
“Sort of. I was thinking how funny it is that I’ve just came back from a meeting with 
the man who plotted alongside the Greysunders and the Vritra to kill me,” I explained, 
ignoring the wary glances of the guards around us.
Virion’s voice became serious. “If it had been solely up to my discretion, I would’ve 
locked them up myself, but Lord Aldir was right—we need the Glayders. The 
Greysunders always had a weak hold on their kingdom, but the Glayders are 
respected—almost revered—by nearly all humans. Sapin would be in chaos if they 
learned about what had happened. Not something we need for this war.”
I nodded. “Speaking of which, where is that three-eyed asura anyway? He hasn’t 
shown himself, even after what happened with Rahdeas and Olfred.”
“Three-eyed asura… is it because of your journey to Epheotus that you can be so casual 
with the asuras?” Virion asked uncertainly. “And I haven’t been able to communicate 
with Lord Aldir through the transmission artifact he gave me.”
“That’s not good,” I said, and resumed walking toward the far end of the dungeon. 
“We’ll talk more about it later.”
“Agreed,” Virion replied solemnly, following closely.
We made our way to the end of the floor where two cells had been joined to become 
one large, spacious room. The cell was furnished with a couch and a large bed topped 
with stuffed animals. In front of the couch, a decorative tea set was laid out on small 
table. On the couch was a little girl, nodding off to sleep while she read a book.
I motioned for the lead guard to unlock the cell and stepped inside. “Hey, Mica. Sorry 
for taking so long to visit you.”
The dwarven Lance put down her book and stretched her thin legs and arms. “Hi, 
Arthur.”
We chatted a little while Virion and the guards waited on the other side of the barred 
gate. The old elf wore a somber expression, undoubtedly feeling guilty about having 
her holed up here while investigations were still ongoing. But because of her position 
and the fact that both Olfred and Rahdeas had betrayed Dicathen, the matter had to be 
examined with utmost scrutiny before she could be allowed her freedom.
We talked about unimportant things, and I filled her in on how my training was 
progressing. She tried to give me some tips on gravity magic, but I had trouble 
following along with her nonsensical explanations.
“It shouldn’t be long until the team Virion sent out has gathered enough evidence,” I 
consoled her.
Mica shot me a smile. “Mica knows. Don’t worry about me—do what you gotta do. Mica 
doesn’t blame anyone but that old bastard, Rahdeas.”
“Well, I’ll tell you now that his cell isn’t nearly as nice as yours.”
She nodded. “Get Mica out soon, okay? Being alone here without being able to use 
magic is so boring.”
“Of course,” I promised, giving her a hug before walking out of the cell.
I waved once more, then followed Virion and the guards to the forbidding door at the 
end of the hall.
“Ready?” Virion asked, his expression grim.
“Let’s get this over with.”
I’d thought the stench of the first level of the dungeon was bad, but the lower level was 
vomit-inducing.
I could feel my stomach revolt at the acrid and metallic odors of chemicals and blood. 
Suppressing the increasing urge to gag, I followed Virion down the dark flight of stairs 
until we reached a small area that housed the most heinous criminals. I was surprised 
to find I could use magic inside, but after surveying the walls and the enclosed vaults 
in the room, I was pretty certain that the use of magic was limited only to the tiny 
walkway between the cells.
A burly man in a bloody apron, his face covered by a black mask, greeted us. Standing 
next to him was a thin elderly man with a hunched back and hooked nose.
“Commander. General. We are honored to have you here,” the old man spoke with a 
grating voice.
“Gentry,” Virion said, returning the greeting. “Take us to Rahdeas first.”
The elder looked at me with uncertainty but responded with a bow. “At your 
command,” he rasped.
We followed behind the elder as he practically slithered his way to a small cell and 
gestured with another bow. “Here is the criminal.”
Despite Rahdeas being Elijah’s caretaker, basically his father figure, I had little 
affection for the traitor—but even I had trouble confidently saying that he deserved 
to be in the state he was in now.
The cell was dark and shadows censored most of his injuries, but I could tell by the 
cuts and blood stains on his stark-naked body that he’d been heavily tortured. His 
hands, tied to the chair he was sitting on, were dripping blood.
His fingernails were pulled, I noted with a wince.
More than the physical injuries, though, it was Rahdeas’s blank expression that made 
me shiver. His eyes were foggy and a trail of saliva ran down from the corner of his 
mouth.
“Ah, his current state is from the side effects of my questioning,” the elderly man said, 
noticing my gaze.
“Gentry specializes in wind and sound magic to create hallucinations to aid in 
questioning,” Virion explained.
It was at times like these that I thought about the true function of magic. Much like 
technology, magic could just as easily be used to destroy as to create something 
wonderful.
“The traitor is strong. It’ll take a little more time to break him, I’m afraid,” Gentry said 
bitterly.
“It’s imperative that we find out what he knows,” Virion replied curtly, casting a 
disdainful gaze at Rahdeas before turning back to the old man. “Now, what of the 
retainer?”
“Ah, yes. He’s a most fascinating specimen. Very thick skin and a strong mental 
fortitude, even with his ability to use magic taken from him. I feel we’re close to 
breaking him though. Keeping him in the small vault so his movement is limited has 
been driving him crazy,” the old man said with glee.
Virion shot Gentry a look of disapproval but didn’t say anything.
With a cough, Gentry motioned for his burly associate to open the thick vault. Runes 
were inscribed on every inch of the box, which seemed more like a coffin than a prison 
cell. “Please be careful, Commander, General. While the vault will keep the Vritra from 
using magic, he’s still fairly strong, and he’s in a rather crazed state of mind right now.”
The vault creaked open and I found myself locking eyes with a disheveled Uto, who 
was garbed in restraining clothes. Just one look was enough to tell me that he was far 
from broken.
The retainer broke into a grin as he shot me a wink. “Hello, pup.”
Uto’s sinister voice sent shivers down my spine, and although he was restrained and 
locked up inside an anti-magic vault, a familiar sense of dread pulsed through me.
Everyone in this room thought I was the one who had defeated Uto—but the truth was 
that both Sylvie and I together had barely managed to put a few scratches on him.
“You look a tad uncomfortable, Uto,” I quipped, hoping to mask any sign of weakness.
The retainer’s smile disappeared, replaced by a snarl. “What did you do with my horns, 
lesser?”
Taking the black horn out of my dimension ring, I casually tossed it in the air in front 
of him. “Oh, you mean this?”
“Insolent little—”
“Stop,” I cut him off. “I’m not here to exchange insults with you. I have better things to 
do.”
Uto’s gray face darkened, his eyes wild. “I swear to Vritra, if I get out, you’ll wish you 
had died that day.”
I shook my head slowly.
“I’m sure there’s something you want more than getting out or inflicting pain on me.” 
Leaning in closer to Uto with an arrogant sneer plastered on my face, I continued, “I 
know that the fact that you have no idea how you even lost to me is slowly eating you 
up right now.”
I didn’t think the retainer’s face could get any angrier but Uto ground his teeth, jerking 
desperately to free himself.
“Close it,” I said, keeping my eyes locked on his until the thick rune-inscribed door shut 
firmly.
“What was tha—”
I put up a finger to my lips to silence the confused commander. It was only after the 
four of us got back to the entrance of this level of the dungeon that I spoke softly. 
“Leave him be for now.”
“Ento and I have been torturing him—physically and mentally—but I’ve never seen 
him this worked up,” Gentry murmured. His burly associate nodded beside him.
“I doubt hallucinations or physical pain will work on that arrogant sadomasochist,” I 
replied.
Virion tilted his head. “Sadomaso—what?”
“It’s nothing.” I smiled faintly, then turned to Gentry. “Don’t open his vault.”
The hunched elder furrowed his brows. “No offense, General, but from my experience, 
it’s best to prod while his mental fortitude is in disarray, as it is now. Besides, what if 
he does remember how he lost to you during that time?”
“He won’t,” I assured him. “And that’s going to slowly drive him insane. Let him stew 
until I decide to come back.”
“I don’t like that look you have,” Virion muttered. “What are you planning?”
“I’ll be the one to interrogate him when the time comes,” I answered.
“Are you ready?” Emily asked from behind her increasing number of panels. She 
looked like she was inside the cockpit of an airplane from my previous life.
“Almost,” I replied as I finished strapping in, securing the last of the bands on my arms. 
I winced when I tightened the strap around my arm too tightly.
Damn it.
“We will move on to the three-versus-one scenario starting today so please be focused, 
General Arthur,” Alanis informed us, apparently noticing the blank expression on my 
face. I was still thinking about the visit to the dungeon earlier in the day.
I stood up and swung my arms, ready to let loose. “Got it. What element will I be 
restricting for the first part?”
My training assistant’s eyes glowed in their familiar array of colors as she ‘scanned’ 
me before looking down at her notes. “Water—and its deviant form, of course.”
I walked to the other end of the training room, stopping about a dozen yards away 
from Camus, Hester, and Kathyln. Meeting Uto had made me antsy. I’d been confident 
back in the dungeon that Uto wouldn’t find out how I had beat him—because I wasn’t 
the one that beat him.
What sort of Lance am I if I can’t even beat a retainer? Let alone a Scythe.
As soon as Alanis gave the signal to begin, I flashed toward Hester, leaving only a single 
imprint on the ground.
In a single, fluid motion, I condensed a layer of wind around my hand, shaping it and 
sharpening it into a transparent blade before I swung horizontally at the fire mage’s 
torso.
Hester’s eyes widened a little in surprise, but unlike other mages, she was competent 
enough to respond even to my blitz attack.
Knowing that fire was weak to such a compressed form of wind, she opted to block my 
strike by grabbing my arm while strengthening her body with mana.
You may have an advantage over me in knowledge of fire magic, but if you think you can 
try and beat me in hand-to-hand combat…
I let her grip my arm, but grabbed the arm she was using to hold on to me. Hester was 
in a stance that helped her withstand a pushing force so when I pulled her back 
instead, she stumbled forward. Utilizing that momentum, I pivoted and positioned my 
hip underneath her center of gravity to flip her to the ground.
Hester’s breath was knocked from her as her back hit the ground. Just as I prepared 
for another strike to activate her lifeline artifact, a blast of water completely drenched 
me.
Before I even had the chance to turn to my attacker, the water covering my body froze, 
restricting any sort of movement.
I augmented my body in a layer of fire, thawing myself free, but Hester had already 
used my brief moment of incapacitation to put some distance between us.
Ignoring Hester for a brief moment while she recovered, I dashed toward the princess 
while trapping her legs with the ground beneath her. Taken off guard, Kathyln 
immediately clad her body in ice as she had before, no doubt a technique she had 
learned from Varay.
With her body strengthened, she attempted to pry herself free from the earthen 
shackles. But I didn’t give her the chance. As I approached her, I continuously 
manipulated the ground around her, reinforcing it and pushing it further up her legs.
It was an idea I’d gotten from watching Olfred—the coffin of magma that he had 
trapped and executed Sebastian in. Of course, I had no intention of doing the same 
thing, but just as many earth mages clad themselves in an armor of rock, one could 
easily encase another in the same armor without giving them the freedom of mobility.
Kathyln struggled to free herself as I continued my spell. Every time she broke off a 
piece of stone, a large slab would take its place, slowly working its way up her small 
body.
In moments, the princess was covered to her neck. A layer of frost slowly attempted 
to weaken the integrity of the earthen restraint, but it was too late.
I charged mana into my fist, forming a gauntlet of crackling lightning. A twinge of guilt 
passed through me as I raised my fist to strike the finishing blow.
She has the lifeline artifact, Arthur. Besides, you can’t afford to go easy on anyone if you 
hope to win this war.
Kathyln regarded me seriously, no trace of fear. Just as my fist was about to make 
contact with her, however, a gust of wind pushed me back, catching me in the center 
of a whirling formation of wind just above the ground.
“Erupt!” Camus barked, taking advantage of my brief loss of equilibrium by unleashing 
the powerful cyclone.
My vision was obstructed by walls of wind around me, and for a moment, everything 
was deathly still. Any sounds were washed over by the constant roar of the tornado. I 
soon found myself panting—gasping for breath in this funnel of low air pressure.
“Annoying,” I muttered in between a strained breath.
The walls of the twister closed in, threatening to whirl and throw me wherever it 
pleased, but thankfully, I still had enough oxygen to retaliate.
My initial reaction was to burrow myself underground—that would’ve been the 
smartest choice. However—maybe because of the diminishing oxygen supply—I 
found myself picturing Uto in front of me. His savage grin seemed to say ‘All you can 
do is run or hide in the face of something greater than you,’ and it ignited a rage in me 
that I hadn’t felt in a long time.
To hell with strategy. If I can’t even face this, how am I going to go up against the Scythes?
After anchoring my feet to the ground using earth magic, I began conjuring an 
opposing current to negate the powerful wind spell slowly closing in.
As my spell clashed against Camus’s spell, tears began forming. It seemed I was close 
to neutralizing it when a dull pain radiated across my back, knocking me forward. With 
my feet fixed to the ground, I bowed awkwardly, pushing off with my palms to put 
myself back upright.
I cursed in my mind, afraid to waste any unnecessary air, as I gazed at the object that 
had bludgeoned me from the back. It was large boulder of ice. Worse yet, it wasn’t the 
only one. Swirling around me, riding the tornado, were several dozens more chunks 
of ice—each at least twice the size of my head.
Still, I continued attempting to negate Camus’s tornado spell. Perhaps it was my 
stubbornness. I was adamant, desperate to win against this ‘foe’ that towered over me. 
As the tornado closed in on me, my body became a mere punching bag for the ice 
boulders.
I had to hand it to Kathyln for the creativity in her chunks of ice; some of them were 
just heavy bludgeons, but some had sharp edges that cut through my clothes and drew 
blood.
Despite the repeated blows, however, my body felt numb. I was lightheaded and a 
strong feeling of fatigue washed over me.
The only thing that kept me going was the notion that overcoming this spell head-on 
was somehow winning against Uto.
I continued to think these irrational thoughts until I noticed—too late—that the 
boulders of ice had disappeared. In their stead was a growing fire that coalesced with
the tornado, fusing into a flaming cyclone.
My vision began to spot, and my imagination of Uto became a full-blown hallucination. 
It only lasted for a few seconds until I blacked out, and my last thoughts were to blame 
the lack of oxygen for my senseless actions.
It felt like I had only blinked, yet when I opened my eyes again, I was looking up at 
Kathyln, the ceiling of the training room visible behind her. I was lying down.
A cool sensation radiated from my forehead. I fumbled with it and realized it was an 
ice-cold handkerchief.
“You’re still a bit hot. Keep it on,” Kathyln urged, putting the cloth back on me with just 
a tinge of worry in her brusque tone.
“Thank you,” I muttered. “And sorry for back there.”
She shook her head. “We were training. Although the elders might be of a different 
opinion.”
“Damn straight we have a different opinion!” Buhnd’s familiar voice boomed.
Just a moment after, his bearded face popped into my view. “You fought like a child 
throwing a tantrum. I know you knew about twelve different ways to get out of that 
situation without trying to face it head on.”
“Yeah, I knew,” I said through gritted teeth. “But I wanted to see if I could overpower 
their combination spell. If I can’t even do that, how am I supposed to defeat all the 
retainers and Scythes left?”
Buhnd opened his mouth as if he were about to say something, but remained silent. It 
was Camus who spoke.
“You’re feeling the pressure, aren’t you?” he said softly.
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t.
To them, I might simply be a young prodigy, but I had the memories and intellect of 
when I was a king. For me to admit to Camus’s remark meant that even despite my 
advantage, I was weak.
“A war isn’t fought alone,” Camus continued. “Although holding the title and 
responsibility of a Lance might make it seem otherwise.”
Hester spoke, her chastising voice coming from a bit farther away. “You’re not an 
important enough figure for this entire continent to rely solely on you.”
“You’re right,” I said, trying to believe her.
Kathyln placed a finger on the cloth resting on my forehead, cooling it with magic. “Just 
as the people of Dicathen rely on the Lances, you also need to trust in your soldiers 
that they’ll make up for what you can’t do.”
I lowered the cloth, allowing its coldness to seep into my eyes. For a minute I said and 
did nothing, gathering myself.
“I feel like I’m in therapy,” I laughed, bolting up to my feet. Surrounding me were not 
only Kathyln and the elders, but also Emily and Alanis. The two of them had remained 
silent, but traces of worry showed on their faces. “Thank you everyone, for helping me 
with my training, and for keeping me in check.”
Hester’s stern face softened as she nodded. “I think that we can skip out on today’s 
debrief since I’m sure the young general knows exactly what he did wrong.”
“Get some rest. I’m going to be itching to go crazy tomorrow!” Buhnd agreed as he 
punched his open palm.
“I’ll make sure to have the lifeline artifact back to its normal state by tomorrow. Even 
if I have to stay up all night!” Emily assured us.
I nodded. “I’ll see everyone tomorrow then.”
Lost in my own thoughts, I didn’t even realize I had been walking until I found myself 
in front of my doorstep.
Too tired to wash up, I sank into bed, my eyes searching for Sylvie until I remembered 
she was isolating herself in another room.
I reached out. Everything okay, Sylv?
My bond didn’t respond, but the faint trace of her calm state of mind was enough of 
an answer.
Lying on my back, I stretched out my hand toward the ceiling. This hand—this body 
that I had grown so used to in the nearly-twenty years that I had lived as Arthur, felt 
so small when I thought back to my time as Grey.
My thoughts flashed back to my former life and the several times I had fought in the 
Paragon Duel, a one-on-one battle between kings, each duelist representing their 
respective country. While the Paragon Duels lacked the atrocity and gore of normal 
wars, the weight of such battles was much heavier.
“This war isn’t fought alone, Arthur,” I reminded myself.
Opening my eyes, I slowly released my grip of Uto’s horn. I took another moment for 
introspection, examining the state of both my mana core and my body.
I was close. The road to white core stage, which had once seemed so long, was nearly 
at an end.
I’m glad I didn’t accept Virion’s artifact after becoming a Lance, I thought.
Getting out of bed, I touched Sylvie’s mind, making sure nothing was wrong. Satisfied 
with her calm silence, I began stretching, my body brimming with energy.
Breathing deeply, I performed a series of strikes I had learned from Kordri while 
training under him in Epheotus. It wasn’t some stringent combination of moves, but 
more of a utilization of the body’s every movement while maintaining speed and 
precision—connecting each punch, kick, elbow, knee, all while remaining flexible for 
whatever the outcome might be. A true master of this fighting style, like the four-eyed 
asura, could take down a whole unit—and the soldiers would see nothing more than 
a simple monk strolling amongst them.
My mana flow had improved substantially during my training with Kathyln and the 
elders, and synchronizing its timing with my strikes created shockwaves in the air. I 
wanted to move faster and with more agility, but I wasn’t an asura, much less a
Pantheon like Kordri. Incorporating mana into muscle fibers and ligaments to 
maximize power and speed while using the least amount of physical movement—
similar to what the Thyestes clan did—would just lead to the same results as that of 
Burst Step to my legs.
Maybe reaching the realm above white core will strengthen my body, I thought 
hopefully, as I executed a combination of kicks.
I pivoted my body to end the sequence with a palm strike, just as Boo poked his 
gigantic head into my room from the doorway, right in the path of my attack.
Boo was hit with a shockwave of wind from my palm strike, causing all the saggy skin 
around his muzzle and ears to flap wildly.
My sister’s bond and I stared silently at each other for a moment, but he only grunted 
and shook his furry head.
I buckled forward and broke into a fit of laughter.
Ellie’s head poked into my room. “What’s so funny? Boo was supposed to scare you.”
Unable to speak as I tried unsuccessfully to stifle my laughter, I motioned for my sister 
to come to me.
Confused, she squeezed past her bond’s burly form and came into my room.
“Watch,” I chuckled, this time conjuring a gust of wind directed at Boo. The bear’s 
ferocious face rippled like liquid, the folds of skin covering his upper jaw flapping up 
to reveal a set of teeth beneath a pink layer of gum.
My sister giggled, then broke into helpless laughter as well; her bond wasn’t nearly so 
amused. It took us nearly the entire walk down to the training room to compose 
ourselves.
It was probably childish to laugh so hard at something so trivial, especially considering 
my mental age, but who cares? I hadn’t laughed that hard in ages, and it helped loosen 
some tension and stress.
“You two seem chirpy for such an early morning,” Emily said, yawning, her hands 
robotically setting up the panels as if they had a mind of their own. “Or is it still 
nighttime?”
“Did you pull another all-nighter, Emily?” my sister asked, concerned.
“It’s been a back-to-back all-nighter actually. It’s your brother’s last training session 
so Miss Emeria and I wanted to have all the data from the last two months compiled 
by today,” she said, her eyes half-closed.
“Remind me to properly thank you both for your efforts,” I said, my eyes scanning for 
any sight of the curt elf. “Where is Alanis now?
“Ah shucks—I learned a lot from this as well, so no thanks necessary. As for Miss 
Emeria, I practically had to force her to go get some sleep,” Emily answered, with 
another yawn. “She should be here soo—ah, here comes everyone now!”
First through the thick metal doors were Buhnd and Camus. Buhnd was stretching his 
arms, smiling as he said something to the old elf. Behind them were Hester and 
Kathyln. The Flamesworth family elder was straightening out a crease in Kathyln’s 
tight-fitting training robe. The princess spotted me and turned a shade brighter as she 
tried to pry herself away from her guardian.
Alanis, who usually maintained the mask of a professional businesswoman, looked 
soulless today. Her normally deliberate steps were sluggish as she trailed behind the 
rest.
It took several minutes for everyone to get their protective gear on, but I was soon 
positioned in the training grounds with Kathyln, Camus, Hester, and Buhnd 
surrounding me. Their expressions were serious, as was mine. I’d come a long way in 
these past two months—enough to have beaten them a few times. They knew that if 
they weren’t completely focused, they could lose again—and they couldn’t let 
themselves be defeated on the last day of training.
“What was the bet again?” Buhnd shouted from behind me.
“Virion is going to throw us a feast to celebrate the end of my ‘vacation’,” I smirked, 
looking back over my shoulder. “But having him pay for everything is no fun, so I 
suggested that the loser of this last battle will pay for the entire party.”
Hester rolled her eyes. “Consider it paid for by the gracious Flamesworth house. How 
much can a dinner possibly cost?”
Alanis, overhearing our conversation, spoke using a sound enhancing artifact. 
“Accounting for the cost of the seventy-year-old casks of alcohol fermented from rare 
grains found only in the outlands of the Beast Glades, as well as the approximate costs 
of the abundance of fine meats—the prices of all of which have escalated since the 
start of the war—I have already calculated for Commander Virion the cost of the 
celebratory feast as amounting to somewhere around twenty thousand gold.”
Hester’s eyes widened at hearing the exorbitant cost. She cleared her throat as she 
attempted to feign composure. “Well, I suppose it might ruin the gratifying experience 
of winning if I were to simply pay for the meal outright. Perhaps it is best to determine 
who pays for the feast with this match; that way, it’ll be much more memorable to 
everyone.”
I couldn’t help but smile, seeing the usually composed elder so flustered.
“I won’t go easy on you just because you’re young, General,” Camus said, smiling. “This 
old man’s pride won’t allow it.”
“I agree with Elder Camus,” Kathyln added. “Perhaps besting you now will convince 
my father and mother to let me help in the war.”
“How cold, Princess. Using me as a stepping stone,” I responded, lowering my stance.
“Since this is the final mock battle, General Arthur will not have any elements 
restricted,” Alanis’s voice sounded again. “Please begin!”
“For the alcohol!” Buhnd’s gruff voice roared as he charged at me from behind.
I was surrounded, and I had a limited amount of options. With my senses heightened 
from mana and the rush of adrenaline, I focused on the biggest threat.
Buhnd was charging in while forming a giant stone mace and Camus was backing away 
while gusts of wind gathered around his arms, but it was actually Kathyln’s mana 
levels that posed the biggest threat right now.
An old but effective trick, I loosened the stone ground around me and lifted the debris
to form a cloud of dust, which I pushed toward Kathyln.
Manipulate the earth under my feet to spring me forward just as I push off, and expel the 
wind resistance as I run, I recited to myself.
It wasn’t as instantaneous or subtle as Burst Step, but, by chaining the earth and wind 
abilities, I could enhance my initial acceleration without burdening my body.
I catapulted forward, the air slipping by me harmlessly until Kathyln was just a few 
feet away.
The princess inhaled sharply in surprise and attempted to cast her spell but I didn’t 
allow it. Utilizing wind once more, I created a vacuum in my palm, pulling her straight 
into my grip.
Grabbing Kathyln’s wrist, I twisted and threw her over my shoulder directly at Buhnd.
I felt a sting on the hand that had touched her, and glanced down to see a layer of frost 
around my fingers.
She reacted quickly. I cast a wave of heat to thaw myself, while taking note of Kathyln’s 
position by the pond.
Just then, the room lit up—dozens of crackling orbs dotted the air above us.
Lucas’s Ember Wisps spell—from back when I was qualifying to be an adventurer—
came to mind. But these ‘wisps’ weren’t of fire; rather, they were concentrated globes 
of electricity. Again I took note.
Camus took the opportunity to launch his spell as well, hurling two giant spears of 
wind that swirled fiercely like a drill.
I quickly moved, dodging one of the wind spears, which drilled a hole into the ground 
before dispersing. The other one, however, was able to change direction, following me 
as it carved a trail into the ground where it passed.
I’m really beginning to wonder if that old elf is actually blind.
I continued sprinting, but it wasn’t aimless. I charged toward Buhnd with the wind 
spear close behind me. I did my best to seem as though I wanted a head-on 
confrontation, and it seemed to have worked. The bearded dwarf clad himself in armor 
and anchored himself to the ground, holding his mace high like a professional baseball 
player of my old world.
I charged at him, condensing the blue fire in my palms. I feinted long enough for Buhnd 
to begin his swing. Then I released my fire spell at the ground below me as I jumped 
up. The force of my flame launched me into the sky like a rocket, causing Buhnd’s giant 
mace to collide with Camus’s wind drill.
But my moment of contentment lasted only a brief second because immediately, a 
barrage of ice shot up from the pond below, in the same moment that Hester decided 
to fire off the globes of lightning.
Why can’t they just fire their spells one by one, I grumbled to myself, my brain whirring 
for the best way to handle this.
A glimmer of an idea flickered through my mind. I had to act fast though.
Without any restraint for mana expenditure, I released a shockwave of fire toward the 
rapidly approaching splinters of ice.
The ice bombarded the wall of fire, producing steam and a high-pitched whistle.
In my peripheral vision, I caught sight of the increase in brightness signaling that the 
lightning orbs were about to fire, but I couldn’t worry about that right now.
Wasting no time, I manipulated the moisture caused by the collision of Kathyln’s and 
my opposing elemental attacks, while slowing down my descent with an updraft.
I shaped the water that I had gathered, forming it into a large barrier around me, just 
as Hester’s spell cast a barrage of lightning my way.
The water manipulated from Kathyln’s spell—which had utilized the mineral-filled 
water from the pond—was a perfect conductor.
The sphere of water surrounding me began bubbling as the blast of electricity hit. A 
deep buzz filled the training room while the lightning tendrils flickered on the surface 
of the water.
I need to get rid of this thing before I hit the ground.
Manipulating the electrically charged water, I shaped it and fired it off in streams—
directly at Buhnd, the one who would be the weakest against this combination of 
elements.
Buhnd didn’t have a chance. His life-line artifact activated, forming a pink protective 
barrier, just moments after the compressed stream of water struck, electrocuting him.
Needless to say, once Buhnd was out for the count, the tide of the battle changed. It 
still took a while, but after negating Kathyln’s ice lance through a combination of 
Camus’s air cushioning technique and Buhnd’s kinetic redirection, I was able to knock 
Kathyln out of the battle.
“Someone really doesn’t want to pay for their own celebratory feast,” Camus joked.
“I don’t even know if I can afford the feast,” I retorted with a wry smile.
With only Hester and Camus remaining—and thanks to the fact that I had full access 
to all of my elements—within another twenty minutes, I was able to subdue them.
I plopped back on the ground, my chest heaving and my mana core aching. “I… I win.”
Camus groaned, leaning against a wall as he caught his breath. “Congratulations, but 
there are more pressing matters.”
“I agree,” Hester nodded beside him as she blotted the sweat on her forehead with a 
handkerchief. “Who’s going to pay the exorbitant cost of the feast?”
“I thought we decided that the losers were going to pay?” Buhnd asked, confused.
I sat up. I’d thought so too.
“True, but why hurt many when you can just break one?” Camus added, a smile 
forming on his face. “I vote that Buhnd pays for the meal. He’s the one who lost first, 
causing the rest of us to lose.”
“What!” Buhnd bellowed. “From whose sore ass did you pull that quote?”
“I second Camus’s vote,” Hester replied immediately, raising her hand.
“Hester!” The dwarf’s eyes widened before turning to Kathyln. “Princess. You don’t 
agree with those old bats, do you?”
Kathyln, who had been with my sister and Emily, averted her gaze from Buhnd, and 
raised her hand as well.
I could see the bearded dwarf’s jaw drop as he began calculating the cost of the 
extravagant meal with his fingers. After a minute, Buhnd straightened his back and 
cleared his throat. “Gentlemen. Ladies. We are in times of war. We should be sparing 
resources for our beloved soldiers out there on the field. Isn’t that right, Miss Emer—
argh! You damn old bat! Release my earlobe!”
“What good will it do to give soldiers seventy-year-old alcohol, you old fool? Don’t try 
to get out of this!” Hester snapped, dragging her companion by his ear as the rest of 
us laughed.
After everyone had calmed down, we settled around in a circle for our last debrief. It 
was a bittersweet feeling. Two months had flown by, but I’d formed bonds with the 
elders and had gotten to know the aloof princess a bit better during this period. 
Toward the end, Kathyln had started conversing more with Emily and Ellie, and they’d 
even hung out together in the castle from time to time.
A small part of me wanted to forget about the fact that there was a war raging below 
us, but with Tess and my parents out there, I knew I wouldn’t truly be able to relax 
until the war was over.
“Now, the moment I’m sure everyone has been waiting for!” Emily’s chirpy voice 
sounded, snapping me out of my thoughts. “Alanis has recorded the progress of 
Arthur’s mana flow utilization while I compiled the data of General Arthur, Princess 
Kathyln, and Elders Camus, Hester, and Buhnd. I’ve cross-referenced it against the data 
I’ve received from my assistants—students at a few academies and some soldiers.”
Emily must’ve noticed the traces of skepticism written on my face as she explained the 
sample size and diversity.
“It’s been pretty hard to get a wider range of participants, this continent being at war 
and all,” she said glumly. “This measurement is something I’m planning on 
standardizing and actively promoting with Master Gideon’s help, so getting data will 
be an ongoing process. For now, you’ll have to make do with the two hundred entries 
I’ve received from the various mages.”
Buhnd fidgeted in his stone chair. “Well? On with it, girl. Only about a fifth of my ass is 
on my seat right now from all this anticipation.”
I suppressed a laugh. The bearded elder’s reaction reminded me of a student anxiously 
waiting for his grades to be handed back by his teacher.
Emily didn’t find Buhnd’s impatience as amusing as I did. She began quickly sifting 
through her stack of paper until her eyes brightened, and I assumed she finally found 
what she was looking for.
“Okay! I’ll start with Elder Buhnd, since he seems to be the most curious,” Emily began. 
“Please be advised that this data does not take mastery over mana into account—
simply the raw output of force that your average spell contains during battle.”
The young artificer flinched as Buhnd’s intense gaze drilled holes into her while he 
waited for her results. Clearing her throat, Emily spoke. “Based on how much higher 
Elder Buhnd’s fpu is compared to the average of the limited data we acquired, he is in 
roughly the ninety-first percentile.”
“Ninety-first percenti—what? No way ninety-one percent of the population is better 
than me!” Buhnd blurted, stamping his feet on the ground.
I snorted, unable to suppress my laughter as Emily looked at the old dwarf 
incredulously.
Hester merely sighed and shook her head.
“It means that only nine percent of the population has a higher fpu than you,” Camus 
answered, unfazed by his companion’s naivete .
“Oh.” Buhnd’s posture straightened and a smile creeped up, making his beard spread 
like some sort of frilled lizard. “Heh! Oh.”
Hester rolled her eyes and I spotted my sister trying to cover her smile with her hand.
“Again, this data can’t be considered completely accurate since the data pool is so small 
and very biased toward certain demographics,” Emily explained. “Most likely, 
everyone’s percentile will increase as more data is gathered.”
The words seemed to have gone in one ear and out the other. The word ‘pride’ was 
practically written on Buhnd’s face.
Emily continued, turning to Camus. “Elder Camus’s fpu is in the ninety-third 
percentile.”
Buhnd seemed to snap back to reality and his brows scrunched when he heard 
Camus’s score. Camus simply nodded in acknowledgement.
“Elder Hester’s fpu is actually the highest of everyone—ninety-fourth percentile.”
Ellie gave a faint whistle, while Buhnd’s eyes widened. Hester chose this exact moment 
to cast a haughty glance down at the dwarven elder.
“Bah! The data isn’t considered completely accurate. Remember?” Buhnd recited, 
fuming.
“I didn’t say anything,” Hester shrugged. She smoothed her face into a neutral 
expression, but the twinkle in her sharp eyes still showed her contentment.
I guess a high affinity for magic runs in the Flamesworth family, I thought, remembering 
Jasmine’s competence in magic—albeit not fire magic.
Emily turned to Kathyln, smiling. “Princess Kathyln, your fpu is in— “
The princess raised a hand, shaking her head. “I’d rather not get caught up. Knowing 
me, comparing myself to others will hinder more than help.”
Alanis regarded the princess approvingly but remained quiet as Emily finally turned 
to me. “Lastly, Arth—General Arthur’s fpu is in the ninetieth percentile.”
Buhnd’s eyes lit up once again as he trotted to me and put a hand across my shoulder. 
“You’ll grow in time, young general, but for now it seems my fpu is just a tad higher 
than yours.”
“So it seems.” I smiled. I had expected as much. From the beginning, the elder’s raw 
mana output was stronger than mine. I had the advantage of being able to utilize all 
four basic elements and the higher forms of two, and fusing multiple elements into a 
single attack would often have more devastating results than a single elemental spell. 
But overall, I had known the elders would come out on top.
“Big talk for someone who got knocked out first in a four-against-one match with the 
‘young general,’” Hester scoffed.
Buhnd scowled, turning red. “Do you want to take this to the field, you old bat?”
Hester’s brow twitched in anger. “Again with the ‘old bat’!”
“Enough with the bickering!” Camus cut in, sitting straight in the stone seat Buhnd had 
conjured for all of us. “Miss Emeria. Did our time spent with the young general bear 
fruit?”
The stoic elf dipped her head respectfully. “General Arthur’s mana flow rate has 
increased a noticeable amount. I believe these two months have been utilized to their 
full potential.”
“That’s good,” Camus said, turning to me—a gesture I found odd now that I knew he 
could see just as well without facing me. I figured the gesture was more for me than 
himself.
Alanis walked to me, handing me a small leather-bound journal. “This is for you, 
General Arthur. The detailed recordings of my analysis over this period are written in 
here. I have taken the liberty of pointing out areas for potential growth so that you can 
have some guidance in your training while I am not with you.”
“Thank you,” I said sincerely, gingerly holding the small booklet. “You’ve really outdone 
yourself.”
“It was my pleasure working with you,” she responded with a courteous nod.
Buhnd clasped his hands together, drawing everyone’s attention. “All right! I don’t 
know about all of you, but I’m starving and my mind keeps going back to those 
seventy-year-old caskets of alcohol!”
“Yes,” Hester agreed. “And the thought of you having to pay for all of it is sure to make 
everything tastier.”
I could hear Buhnd grumble as the three elders headed toward the door. I gestured for 
the others to follow them as well. They all deserved the time to unwind and have fun.
“Are you sure I can go? It seems like a party for the really important people,” my sister 
asked, hesitating.
I patted my sister’s head. “Of course you’re invited. I better see you and Boo eating 
enough to make Elder Buhnd homeless!”
Ellie’s gigantic bond gave a grunt of confirmation before scooping her up with his 
snout and trotting off.
Smiling at the sight, I looked back to see the young artificer scrambling with some 
artifacts inside her little cockpit of panels. “We’re the last ones, Emily.”
“I’m almost done cleaning up. You go on ahead.”
Not wanting to make her rush more than she already was, I took her advice. “You 
better be there—you don’t want Ellie to be lonely at the party.”
EMILY WATSKEN
I quickly gathered the array of papers that were scattered all over the ground behind 
my fpu measuring artifact—working name.
After carefully placing the panel components into the wooden box, I placed the papers 
equally carefully on top, noticing Arthur’s name on the top sheet. It was the fpu 
readings I had managed to gather while he was in that angelic form of his where his 
hair turned white. I’d thought I had lost it.
I shook my head, crumpling up the sheet of paper. “Ninety-ninth percentile. That can’t 
be right.”
After another failed attempt at trying to coerce Sylvie to take a break and come join 
me for the dinner, I conceded defeat. As soon as I stepped through the towering double 
doors of stained wood, opened for me by two guards clad in silver, my worries were 
replaced by wonder. It felt like I had left the castle entirely.
Maybe I had.
I looked back over my shoulder to make sure that I hadn’t stepped through a 
teleportation gate disguised as a doorway. Confirming that I was still indeed inside the 
castle, I took my time to relish the sights, sounds, and aromas around me.
While the size of the dining room wasn’t anything extraordinary, the details in the 
decoration took my breath away. The vaulted ceiling alone made this room feel like a 
separate structure from the castle, and the ambient light cast from the floating orbs 
above brought to life a scene straight out of a princess’s picture book.
Unlike the flamboyant party where the witch-like retainer’s frozen body had been 
showcased as a morale booster for the many noble houses in attendance, this event 
emitted a cozy, intimate atmosphere—with a little sprinkle of a surreal fairytale mixed 
in.
I approached a meticulously-dressed butler, standing almost as still as a statue, and 
picked up two glasses of whatever lavish drink the purple liquid on his tray might be. 
I handed one to Emily, who was beside me.
When my sister tried to take one as well, I pulled her back. “It’s alcohol.”
Ellie clicked her tongue and continued walking, but it didn’t take long for her 
discontent to be diffused. “Everything looks so… magical!” she marveled, unable to 
find a better word to express herself. “It smells amazing in here, but where’s all the 
food?”
“This is still a dinner, not a party,” I explained, pointing to the long rectangular table 
covered with a seamless white tablecloth and topped with perfectly arranged empty 
plates and glasses. “The food’s going to be brought out once everyone’s here and 
seated.”
The alcohol, I noted with amusement, lay spread out against the back wall in large 
wooden kegs.
“I’m getting hungry just breathing the air here,” Emily moaned, near to drooling.
I nodded in agreement. The air was thick with a concoction of spices, sauces, and herbs 
that seemed to harmonize alongside each other rather than clash. Helping to blend 
and mesh the variety of kitchen ingredients together was the subtle oaky scent of the 
fire crackling and popping in the hearth at the far corner of the cozy dining hall.
Ellie pulled on my sleeve. “Are you sure we didn’t need to dress up for this?”
“The place is a lot fancier than Virion let on, but yes, I’m sure,” I assured her. “This is 
supposed to be a comfortable dinner to celebrate before I go back out to the field, my 
dearest sister.”
“I’m your only sister,” she retorted, her eyes still gazing around the room curiously.
“Then you know I’m telling the truth,” I said blandly.
Ellie groaned at my witty response. “Whatever.”
“I can imagine how ‘comfortable’ it’ll be already… with the Council, the Lances, and the 
elders all gathered in one place,” Emily chimed in, her sarcasm practically palpable.
I simply smiled, breaking off from the two of them to enjoy my purple drink in peace. 
Despite being the last to leave the training room, Emily, my sister, and I were the first
to arrive.
As I sat in the back to enjoy the warmth of the fire, I saw Kathyln entering, escorted by 
Hester. Both wore evening gowns that, while minimally adorned, still looked 
undoubtedly elegant… and expensive.
Ellie and Emily didn’t hesitate to shoot me glares as they saw this, mentally blaming 
me for their comparatively informal attire.
I winked and lifted my glass, now half-empty. Kathyln thought I was gesturing to her 
and raised her glass slightly in return, smiling shyly before turning her attention to 
Emily and my sister.
Elder Hester strode toward me with a glass in hand as well. “Seems you’ve already 
made yourself comfortable—in both attire and demeanor.”
“I thought this was supposed to be a casual dinner,” I sniffed, raising my glass toward 
her.
“Is this not casual?” she said with a bemused smile, clinking my glass with hers in a 
casual toast before we each took a sip.
“Casual is wearing slightly too-large pants so we can comfortably indulge in whatever 
exquisite cuisine we’re presented with tonight,” I said confidently.
Hester looked at me curiously. “I often forget that you’re not from a noble house, no 
offense.”
I chuckled. “None taken. It’s always amusing seeing some of the nobles trying to hide 
their contempt when a Lance like myself does something blatantly ‘improper.’”
“Proper etiquette is ingrained in everyone here since infancy,” Hester admitted. “My 
mother would faint if she saw you dressed like that at an occasion like this.”
“Truth be told, my mother would probably faint as well if she knew I was attending 
such a fancy dinner wearing this,” I replied, feeling a pang of guilt and sorrow at the 
mention of my parents.
We sipped our drinks in silence for a bit, watching the chaotic movement of the fire as 
if it were a show.
Finishing off the last of my purple liquor, I asked Hester a question that had been on 
my mind since I’d first met her. “Hester. If you don’t mind me asking, what is your 
relationship to Jasmine Flamesworth?”
Hester, who had been watching the fire intently, shifted her gaze to me. “You two are 
acquainted?”
I nodded.
She took a few moments to gather her thoughts.“Then I guess it’s safe to assume that 
the Flamesworth family has made a rather negative impression on you.”
“It’s gotten a little better since I met you, but yes,” I confessed.
“Jasmine is the daughter of my younger brother—my niece,” she began, idly twirling 
the remaining liquid in her glass.
Hester proceeded to tell me a little about the Flamesworth family. Jasmine’s story 
wasn’t anything I hadn’t already been told or guessed myself. Basically, the younger 
brother—the one with the most pride in their family’s line of fire mages—thought of 
Jasmine as an embarrassment to the Flamesworth house. At first, he did all he could 
to try and draw out any latent potential Jasmin had in fire-affinity, hopeful that she 
might have been a dual-elementalist. Once her father had realized that wind was the 
only affinity his daughter possessed, he had isolated her until she came of age, then 
kicked her out soon after.
Hester’s remorseful tone as she told the story helped quell some of the anger I had 
toward their family, but there was still a bitter taste in my mouth.
“Your brother, where is he now?” I asked.
“Trodius is a captain, his division being one of the main forces at the Wall,” she 
answered. “You don’t plan on—”
“No, I have no intentions of harming your brother,” I scoffed, turning back to see some 
familiar faces. “I was just curious. Oh, and regarding your comment about every noble 
having proper etiquette engrained upon them…”
Buhnd and Camus had just walked in through the doors. While Camus wore a 
traditional elven robe, Buhnd had apparently decided to attend the event disguised as 
what seemed like a farm worker.
Hester, following my gaze, rolled her eyes as she watched the dwarven elder finish a 
glass in one gulp and proceed to grab two more before walking over to us. “There are 
always outliers.”
I nodded.“An outlier indeed.”
It didn’t take much longer for the rest of the guests to file in. Virion congratulated me 
on my training with a hug and a pithy comment about Tess not being able to make it. 
I cordially greeted Merial and Alduin Eralith, Tess’s parents, exchanging a few 
pleasantries. Alduin digressed a bit, talking about the war and some of the dilemmas 
he’d been having in allocating the elven armies around Elenoir, but Merial scolded him 
for talking about that here and dragged him away. My exchange with King Blaine and 
Queen Priscilla was even more succinct. While Kathyln’s mother was brusque by 
default, I knew that the former King of Sapin still found it uncomfortable to be around 
me—a human who had become a Lance for the elves. I was most likely someone he 
considered disloyal to his home kingdom.
Needless to say, by the time I’d finished talking and toasting—and thereby drinking—
with the elders and the Council, my inhibitions had been lowered by a significant 
degree. It was only noticeable to me when I clasped an unwilling Bairon in a hug and 
said repeatedly that there were ‘no hard feelings.’ The Lance tried to pry himself away 
without drawing attention to us, but I utilized one of the techniques I had learned from 
Camus to create a vacuum between him and me.
Finding real life applications for spells is the next step in mastery, after all.
After saying my piece, I released the fuming Lance and proceeded to greet Varay and 
Aya. The two Lances had just come back from a mission near the border between 
Sapin and Darv, after sightings of another retainer. Unfortunately, the final retainer 
had been gone by the time they had arrived. We talked amongst ourselves until an 
unexpected surprise guest showed up. Garbed in a bright yellow dress, which looked 
like it might’ve belonged to a child, was Mica.
“Mica!” I exclaimed, drawing everyone’s attention to the entrance. The dwarf, 
obviously unaccustomed to such a fluttery dress, flushed at the attention. Rather than 
shrink, however, the dwarven Lance stuck out her chest and held her chin up and made 
her way to me.
I pulled the dwarf into a hug, which was a little awkward considering she was about 
half my height. Virion came by and placed a hand on her shoulder.
“Our scouts in Darv found enough evidence to assure the rest of the Council that 
Mica—or should I say General Mica—was not involved in Rahdeas and Olfred’s plot 
with the Vritra,” Virion explained with a smile.
“Mica’s allegiance will always be to the country,” the Lance confirmed. “But Mica is a 
bit confused since there are no dwarves on the Council and Lord Aldir is missing.”
“We have much to discuss and several positions to fill, but that can be saved for 
tomorrow,” Virion said comfortingly. “Tonight, we enjoy the food, the drinks, and the 
company we find ourselves in.”
Virion left us to continue his rounds, talking to everyone else in the room while Mica 
and I chatted a bit more. We kept our conversation lighthearted. I teased her about 
her frilly dress, and she retorted that I looked like I had come straight from a training 
session. She laughed when I told her she was right.
The pleasant chime of a bell signaled for everyone to gather around the table. Butlers 
and maids escorted all the attendees to their predetermined seats. Since I was one of 
the main reasons for having this dinner, I had been put at the far end of the table, 
directly across from Virion, with Kathyln to my right and my sister to my left. The 
Council was spread across the table toward the other end, near Virion, while the 
Lances and Elders sat toward the center.
After everyone had taken a seat, Virion tapped his spoon on the glass flute to get 
everyone’s attention before speaking.
“I’ll make this short since I know I’m not the only one who’s hungry. I believe it’s 
important for even our strongest soldiers to have the opportunity to rest and be merry. 
Yes, we’re at war, but war or not, there will always be a battle tomorrow, so make some 
time to enjoy today. Drink, eat, laugh, so that you can tackle tomorrow with fire anew!”
We all clapped, while Buhnd’s gruff voice shouting, “Hell yeah!” sounded in the midst 
of it. Our applause brought forth an organized stampede of servants carrying dishes. 
It was a traditional ten course elven meal, starting with a creamy soup garnished with 
edible flowers and leaves.
My stomach—which had been uncomfortable, most likely due to the copious amounts 
of alcohol I’d drunk—welcomed the warm, rich flavors. The subtle kick of an 
unfamiliar spice complemented the thickness of the soup, while the leaves and flower 
garnishes added a surprising hint of freshness.
“This is so good!” Ellie exclaimed in between spoonfuls of the soup.
The ceramic bowl of soup had been taken away, replaced by a silver platter with two 
strips of what looked like raw fish. The morsels of translucent flesh, with dashings of 
two different sauces, practically melted in my mouth. Both the green and the brown 
sauces were unfamiliar, but it was a mixture of a nutty and a slightly acidic taste that 
served to mask the unwanted brininess of the ocean dweller and bring out its desired 
flavors.
As I swallowed the second piece of the fish, a pang in my abdomen caused me to 
buckle.
Did I drink too much? I wondered, casting a side glance at the large cask of priceless 
liquor that had been conveniently placed just behind Buhnd’s seat.
“Are you okay?” Kathyln asked, her plate completely clean.
“I’m fine,” I smiled, putting down my fork.
Ultimately, my stubbornness wouldn’t allow me to pass up the opportunity to drink 
such expensive alcohol. I held up my glass, taking another sip and rolling the deep 
brown liquid in my mouth to savor the taste.
I let the aromatic flavors coat my mouth before finally swallowing, feeling the pleasant 
burn pass down my throat.
“Can I try?” my sister begged once again after seeing me relishing the drink.
I was about to turn her down again, but paused. “Fine. Just a sip.”
“Uh, Ellie?” Emily chimed in, her eyes widening as my sister grabbed the rounded 
glass. “You sure about this?”
Ignoring her, my sister immediately brought the glass to her lips. As I had expected, 
she most certainly did not take ‘just a sip’ and instead gulped a big portion of the 
liquor.
Already prepared for what was about to come, I cast a small circular vacuum of wind 
that sucked in the spray of liquid that shot out of my sister’s mouth as she coughed.
The servants nearby took immediate action, handing my sister a new napkin while 
they opened up a container for me to ‘dump’ Ellie’s sprayed mouthful into.
“You jerk,” Ellie hissed, trying not to draw any more attention to herself than she already 
had. “You knew that would happen!”
Barely suppressing a laugh, I looked at her, deadpan. “Of course. That’s why I said no 
so many times.”
“You could’ve warned me!” she protested, drinking the cup of water the servant behind 
her had so sensibly placed next to her plate.
“I could’ve,” I agreed, leaving my sister aghast.
Emily distracted her, telling her about some of the modifications she’d made to Ellie’s 
new bow, to steer her away from her bitterness.
After the plates were cleared, other—smaller—dishes took their place. Even before I 
looked down to see what it was, the smell had already caused me to reach for it. A 
handful of shellfish, their black shells laid open, their meat basking in a savory broth 
that I could practically taste through my nose. Supplementing the shellfish was a side 
of saute ed mushrooms that looked like they had actually been lit on fire.
The servant covered the mushrooms with a crystal cup to extinguish the soft flame. As 
soon as he lifted the cover, the rich scent of whatever liquor the chef had used to ignite 
the mushrooms permeated the vicinity.
“Raw fish, and now flaming fungus? Interesting and tasty!” I overheard Emily whisper 
to my sister, who nodded furiously in agreement.
Conversations drifted in the air while soft music, played by a trio of musicians, 
provided a comfortable tune to accompany the dinner.
I leaned forward, taking in another whiff of the complementary aromas of shellfish 
and mushrooms when another sharp pain stabbed at my sternum.
Am I allergic to something? I thought, bringing a mushroom close to my nose in 
suspicion.
With the pain gone as quickly as it had come, I decided to lay off the purple alcohol 
while shoveling in a mouthful of the mushrooms.
The supple firmness of the mushroom as I bit down into it dispelled any remaining 
suspicions I had about the food.
If I’m allergic to this mushroom, so be it. I’ll suffer knowing that it was for a good cause.
Throughout the next few dishes, I ate in silence. Kathyln wasn’t much of a 
conversationalist; the few times she did speak were to respond to whatever my sister 
and Emily were talking about.
My thoughts began veering toward the war, and the upcoming battles, my only solace 
being the exquisite dishes that never seemed to stop and my glass of liquor that never 
emptied. There were tender meats that I was able to cut with my fork, and even a 
whole boar—carved so precisely that I doubted I could replicate the task even with 
my mastery of the sword.
There were other, more bizarre dishes that showcased the more… ‘unwanted’ parts of 
various mana beasts as supposed delicacies. As the dinner was becoming more 
lively—most likely due to the alcohol in everyone’s system—I experienced another 
episode of pain in my stomach.
This time, it was a more gripping pain, as if someone were slowly squeezing, twisting, 
and wrenching my insides. That was when I realized it wasn’t my stomach or even my 
liver, as I had thought.
It was my mana core.
“Is something wrong, Arthur? You seem pale,” Virion said, noticing my state from the 
other side of the table.
I rose from my seat, feeling more than a tinge of regret as I stared at the untouched, 
steaming crab on my plate. “My apologies to everyone, but I think I’ll have to call it a 
night.”
Virion stood up as well, his expression laced with concern.
Holding up a hand to stop him, I made my way to the door, careful not to stumble. 
“Please, enjoy yourselves. I’ve been a little tired today and I think I just had too much 
alcohol.”
Without looking back, I headed to my room, one hand using the wall as support while 
the other pressed down on my solar plexus.
Is something wrong with my mana core?
Cold sweat beaded down my face as the gripping pain became more intense.
When I reached my room, I curled into a ball on the floor, unable to make it to my bed. 
My fear and worry grew alongside the pain, until a thought crossed my mind.
Sending a pulse of mana into my ring, I withdrew Uto’s horn and instinctively began 
absorbing its contents, like an infant reaching for its mother’s milk.
I slipped in and out of consciousness, time elapsing as if it were caught in a jar of sap. 
Everything seemed slow and the cold, gripping pain escalated until it became 
unbearable.
Then two things happened in what seemed like the span of a second.
First, I felt a surge of unmatched energy and power throughout my body. I could feel 
it in my pores and the tips of my hair.
Then, I passed out.
GREY
I looked up at the row of judges peering down from their platform, which overlooked 
the main stadium my opponent and I were currently in. Sitting in the middle of the 
row was a tall, shapely woman, her blazing red hair curling down her back. Two sharp 
eyes that would make even a wild lion flinch regarded me with interest as the rest of 
the judges murmured amongst themselves over the results of the match.
I thought to myself, What exactly is there to go over? My opponent, a Division Two 
candidate testing for a first division spot, was passed out behind me while the medics 
approached with a stretcher.
With a sinking feeling, as the judges continued their discussion, I realized that they 
might very well be determining whether to send me up or keep me at Division Three.
I could see Nico and Cecilia from the corner of my eye. They were waiting for the 
verdict just as intently as I had during my first competition while attending this 
academy—back when I still believed hard work would offer fair results.
After what seemed like ages, a thin, elderly man, his white moustache groomed a bit 
too meticulously—probably to compensate for his bald head—cleared his throat to 
get everyone’s attention. “Cadet Grey, no surname. While your match was impressive, 
especially your demonstration of martial arts, the poor level of utilization of your ki 
throughout the tournament made it clear that you are lacking in some fundamentals, 
and these need to be thoroughly reviewed. Therefore, Cadet Grey, you will move up to 
Class One of the third division.”
I could feel my blood boil underneath my skin as I did all I could to suppress my rage. 
I clenched my fists, ground my teeth, curled my toes—anything to stop myself from 
lashing out at the judge and this entire academy system.
Just then, a roar of laughter echoed throughout the entire arena. My burning rage was 
instantly quelled as I looked up, dumbfounded, at the red-haired judge, who continued 
laughing heartily. It wasn’t only me who was shocked by her actions, though. The rest 
of the judges whipped their heads toward their colleague with expressions ranging 
from shock to anger to embarrassment.
The audience, which had been quietly waiting for the results from this final round, 
muttered amongst each other, hoping to get some answers about this turn of events.
Finally the red-haired judge calmed down, wiping away a tear. “My apologies. I thought 
Judge Drem was pulling that kid’s leg by telling him he needed to ‘review his 
fundamentals.’”
At her words, the mustachioed judge—who I assumed was Judge Drem—flushed red 
all the way the top of his shiny head. “Lady Vera.” The judge spoke to her with an eerie 
respect, despite the gap between them in age. “In the sanctity of these annual 
assessment duels, your behavior is unaccept—”
“No,” the red-haired woman cut in flatly. “What’s unacceptable behavior, and 
embarrassingly pathetic, is this blatant attempt at holding that kid back because he’s 
not from a distinguished house.”
Clearly unprepared to be verbally assaulted by the woman, Judge Drem stammered 
what he had probably hoped would be words. “Wha—How dare… I did no such—”
“Then how can you possibly justify placing Cadet Grey in anything less than Division 
One?” Lady Vera interrupted again. At this point, I really hoped this lady had either the 
physical strength or the political backing to justify her blatant lack of respect for the 
older judge.
Judge Drem tried his best to gather his wits, giving another cough. “As I stated earlier, 
Cadet Grey’s ki utilization is lack—”
“Wrong.” She instantly cut him off again, making the older judge practically fume in 
frustration and embarrassment. “The boy’s ki utilization is at least a step above even 
the Class Two students in Division One. What you call ‘lacking’ in ki utilization is 
actually him making up for his lower ki level to an impressive degree.”
The other judges sitting behind the panel were obviously lower in rank than Judge 
Drem, because the only thing they’d been doing up to this point was wordlessly 
shifting glances between Lady Vera, Judge Drem, and me.
“Lady Vera,” the old judge said through gritted teeth. “While I am grateful for your 
insight into the matter, I have been a judge for nearly twenty years now. Please 
reciprocate the respect I’ve shown you by showing me the respect that I’ve earned in 
this field.”
Lady Vera thrummed her fingers on the panel she was sitting behind, contemplating 
for a moment before she nodded. “Fine. I’ll respect your verdict, Judge Drem.”
Before I even had the opportunity to be disappointed by this, though, Vera’s form 
flickered out of sight.
What in the—
She appeared above me and landed with a soft thud. Despite the fact that I had 
witnessed everything, I was still incredulous that she’d just cleared the span of two 
stories as casually as I would step off a sidewalk.
“Kid. Like Judge Handlebars said, you’ll still be in Division Three, but what do you say 
about me becoming your personal mentor?”
I thought for a moment—I even turned to Nico and Cecilia to make sure what I was 
witnessing was real. I didn’t know who this woman was, but the way she held 
herself—and the impressive movement skill she had used to clear the distance, 
something most elite soldiers wouldn’t even dare try to replicate—made me take the 
risk.
Ignoring the aghast row of judges as well as the stunned crowd, I took her hand. “I 
accept your offer.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I woke up on the floor with my hand stretched out in front of me, much the way my 
dream had ended. However, rather than Lady Vera’s seemingly fragile hand in my own, 
I was gripping tightly onto Uto’s horn.
The horn, which had previously glimmered like a sinister, obsidian jewel, now had 
cracks and splinters strewn across its dull gray exterior.
It took a moment of idly wondering how I had come to be in this position before I 
suddenly remembered. As if struck by a bolt of lightning, I shot up to my feet. I took in 
my surroundings for the first time since waking up, relieved that I was still in my room 
and that my room was relatively intact. Looking at the window, it was still nighttime, 
which meant I had been unconscious only for a few hours.
Pulling my senses inward, I focused my attention on my mana core—which no longer 
had a glimmering silver sheen, but instead radiated brightly like a white sun.
“I did it,” I muttered incredulously. I maintained concentration on my core for a few 
minutes, mostly just taking in the new, alien feelings that came with my breakthrough. 
The paranoid part of me just wanted to make sure I wasn’t imagining things.
I wasn’t. I was now a white core mage.
Ecstatic, I sent a pulse of mana throughout my body. The flow of mana was seamless 
and near-instant. I hadn’t gotten the chance to read through the notebook Alanis had 
written for me, but I had a feeling she might have to update some of the readings.
Without stopping, I held out my hand, palm up, and began shaping the mana. I started 
out with something relatively easy, making a small orb of pure mana. This was the 
equivalent of stretching before a run.
After that, I proceeded to more complicated exercises. I enlarged the orb of mana and 
shrank it as quickly as possible. Then I split the mana orb into two smaller ones. After 
I had about a dozen small mana orbs floating above my hand, I ignited some of them 
by coalescing fire affinity mana particles in the atmosphere while I froze another set 
of orbs and so on. A few minutes into the exercise, I had dozens of different elemental 
spheres, all orbiting around my palm.
Throughout it all, I wore a wide smile on my face that I only noticed after my cheeks 
began cramping.
There were hundreds of variations of these manipulation exercises, all meant to help 
mages get better at organic magic—a term that had many names which all meant one
thing: magic that did not require gestures or chants to cast.
Much of the magic that the beginning classes in Xyrus Academy had taught was 
centered around stagnant magic, which were essentially spells limited in variations 
and uses in order to be reproduced consistently and easily. The gestures and chants 
that so many mages used—and still use today—help in guiding their subconscious as 
they mold their mana into the spell they want. The downside was that most of these 
gestures and chants basically told opponents, ‘Hey, I’m going to throw a fireball at you.’ 
It was fairly easy for any decent mage to counter such stagnant magic.
The organic magic, which I had so naturally grasped from an early age thanks to my 
understanding of mana from having lived a previous life, was much harder to cast and 
control. Every time I launched a blade of wind at my opponent with a simple swing of 
my arm, my brain was basically giving detailed instructions about the mana I imbued 
into the spell in order to get the shape, size, speed, trajectory, angle, and all the rest 
correct.
Breaking into white core stage wasn’t as awe-inspiring as I had hoped it would be, but 
it was definitely a huge step forward—more so than any of the previous breakthroughs 
into the next core stages.
My control and ‘finesse’ over mana had definitely been taken up a notch, almost as if 
the advancement into white core had also affected my cognition.
I thought back to several instances in the past when the Lances had demonstrated 
some of their prowess in magic. Olfred’s ability to cast eerily lifelike golems of magma, 
and Mica’s superb control over an abstract element like gravity, were two examples 
that supported my suspicion. Putting Alea aside, I’d never had the chance to see Aya 
fight. Bairon was able to mold lightning into a giant spear that looked about as detailed 
as a masterfully crafted weapon, and just recently, I’d come face to face with Varay’s 
dragon, which was made completely of ice.
Is this why all the Lances are so skilled in manipulating mana?
Another thought occurred to me as well: flying. Usually, skilled flying meant constant 
attention to your body and mana output, all while having your attention on something 
else, like fighting.
That was why most mages didn’t fly even if they were able to—what use was flying 
when it took complete focus to sustain it? And the mana expenditure wasn’t cheap.
If manipulating mana became this easy, then I could see how the Lances were able to 
fly while casually talking to me or even casting spells. Eager to know what my limits 
were, I was tempted to immediately head down to the training room and test a few 
theories out—I was especially excited to activate Realmheart just to see what I could 
do. However, just then a sharp pain flared in my head, wrenching me out of my 
thoughts.
‘Arthur! Something’s happening… ’
Sylvie’s voice rang in my head, but sounded muffled and distorted.
Sylvie? What’s wrong?
I called out to her several more times but didn’t get a response. Feelings of excitement 
and elation were immediately replaced by worry and fear as I headed down the flight 
of stairs to the small training room she had isolated herself in.
I turned the cold metal handle of the door, but it was locked. “Sylvie, I’m here! Can you 
hear me?”
No response.
I shook harder, hoping it was just jammed. When I realized it wasn’t, I punched a hole 
near the knob, rendering the lock mechanism useless. Pushing open the door, I 
stepped inside only to stop dead in my tracks at the sight in front of me.
Standing in the back of the dimly-lit room was a wide-eyed little girl in a simple black 
robe—with two unmistakable black horns jutting out from the side of her head.
I thought I was seeing things at first.
I blamed the poor lighting and the shadows it cast, thought they were playing tricks 
on my eyes. But when I stepped closer and the girl looked up and we locked eyes, I 
knew.
“Sylvie? Is that you?”
The girl cracked open an uneasy smile, a trace of fear and excitement evident in her 
bright topaz eyes. “Hi, Arthur.”
We both stood there. Neither one of us knew what to do, what to say, how to react. I 
couldn’t believe it. My eyes told me that I was seeing a girl who looked no older than 
eight or nine, with long choppy hair that was the same pale wheat color as her 
draconic form’s underbelly; looking more closely, her messy hair looked like soft 
feathers rather than actual strands of hair.
Little of the girl’s small face was covered by her hair, since her bangs barely covered 
half of her forehead. Her round yellow eyes shifted uneasily under my scrutinizing 
gaze.
Finally she sent a mental transmission. ‘How long are you going to keep staring like 
that?’
Caught off guard, I flinched, not at the words themselves but at the emotions that were 
intertwined in them.
Unlike before, I could feel the emotions she was feeling while she communicated 
through my mind. I could tell she was uncomfortable and embarrassed, but at the 
same time excited and anxious. It was odd, experiencing foreign emotions in my mind; 
it had never felt like this before. At most, Sylvie had been able to send one, extremely 
strong, emotion to me, like she was telling me how she felt, but it had never been this… 
intimate, for lack of a better word.
“Sorry,” I said aloud. “I’m still digesting everything right now. What exactly happened?”
“After absorbing the retainer’s mana from the horn you gave me, I was finally able to 
break the seal that you and grandpa said my mother placed on me to keep me hidden.” 
The disparity between her childish voice and her words threw me off, but I nodded in 
understanding.
“So by breaking the seal, you were able to unlock the human form that asuras are able 
to transform into?”
“Yeah,” she said, looking down at her small hands. “To tell you the truth, I haven’t had 
the chance to really study the changes in my body, so I can’t tell you exactly what’s 
happening at this moment but—”
Sylvie abruptly lurched and staggered, nearly falling forward before she regained 
balance.
“Sylvie? You okay?” I asked, concerned.
Sylvie stood in place for a moment, frozen. I cautiously made my way to her, unable to 
even fathom what was wrong. Slowly, she looked up at me.
When our eyes locked again this time, however, a chill ran down my spine. Her 
appearance was the same—nothing had changed—but her presence, her demeanor, 
her gaze were completely different. So much so that I had involuntarily stepped back 
from her.
‘Sylvie’ straightened herself, swaying her neck side to side as if she was stretching it.
“Ah, ah,” she said, clearing her throat. “You can hear me, yes?”
I raised a brow, not knowing how to answer.
“I’ll take that gesture as a yes,” she said dismissively.
“Who are you?” I asked, my eyes narrowing.
‘Sylvie’ smirked, an expression that looked unnatural on her face. “I’m grateful you 
happened to be in the same room when the connection was finally established. It 
makes things so much easier.”
“Who. Are. You?” I repeated.
Her smirk widened to a grin. “Agrona.”
I could feel the blood drain from my face, but I held my ground. Despite the casual 
disclosure, I could tell that Syl—Agrona was carefully observing my reaction. The 
same two gleaming yellow eyes that had looked so innocent and confused just 
moments ago were now bright ruby and carried an unwavering confidence and 
authority—he could’ve just as easily said he was some sort of sentient shapeshifter 
from a different planet and I would’ve been compelled to believe him.
Giving no indication that his words had any effect on me, I made a simple gesture with 
my hand, casting multiple spells simultaneously. The door slammed shut and a thick 
stone slab sprouted up to barricade the entrance; a swirling layer of wind surrounded 
the two of us, muting any sound that might leak from the room.
“Is Sylvie safe while you’re in control of her body?” I asked.
“Sylvie… a good name.” Agrona breathed as if savoring the sound. “Yes, what I’m using 
to speak with you like this is a harmless spell that I embedded into her while she was 
still an egg. Sylvie’s simply sleeping.”
Two stone chairs popped up from the ground and I took a seat, gesturing at Agrona to 
do the same.
Agrona sat down, leaning back in the seat contentedly. “Thanks for the hospitality, and 
for keeping your wits together. Communicating is so much easier when you’re not 
trying to kill me.”
“You’re possessing my bond, so hurting you in this form wouldn’t be very effective,” I 
replied calmly.
He shrugged. “I wouldn’t have been able to put up much of a fight regardless, since I 
can’t use any mana arts like this, but I digress. Shall we talk about something a bit 
more important than the various flaws of this method of communication?”
Seconds ticked by in silence, with only the faint whistle of the field of wind 
surrounding us while the two of us stared at each other.
My brain whirled with activity, trying to make sense of the sudden change of events 
while devising a clever way to take full advantage of it. Afterall, it wasn’t every day you 
could calmly have a one-on-one meeting with the enemy’s leader in the middle of a 
war. But whether it was because I was still having a hard time believing all of it or 
because my worry over Sylvie was constantly nagging at me even with my calm façade, 
my mind couldn’t keep a coherent train of thought. So I asked the one question that 
had bugged me ever since he had first taken control of Sylvie.
“You said you were grateful that I happened to be in the same room when you made 
the connection. Why did you only seek me out?”
“Fair question. First reason, and the more obvious one, is that I’m sure most of the 
members of your leadership wouldn’t take too kindly to me intruding on their home 
turf in the form of a little girl. Assuming that they even believed me, it would scare the 
living shit out of them that I could intrude on the most ‘secure’ location on the 
continent,” he answered. “Although… it would be amusing to see their reaction.”
“And the second reason?”
“Because”—he leaned forward and grinned—“you’re the only one on this continent 
that I’m interested in.”
I hadn’t expected that answer. What did the leader of a rogue asura clan that was 
hundreds, if not thousands, of years old find interesting about me? Whatever it was, it 
couldn’t be a good thing.
My expression must’ve betrayed me because the asura abruptly let out a laugh. “Don’t 
worry, I’m not going to just suddenly pin you to the ground and have my way with you. 
Even assuming my tastes suddenly skewed that way, it’d still be a little inappropriate 
in this form, no?”
I rolled my eyes at this supposed mastermind behind the intercontinental war, unable 
to make heads or tails of his character.
“You’re a lot more eccentric than I imagined… almost sociable,” I commented.
Agrona raised a brow, amused. “Did you perhaps see me as some poised dictator in a 
silken cape, hell-bent on making the world all mine?”
“Something like that.”
He put on a grave expression as he leaned forward. “Well…”
Agrona flashed a smile. “You’re partly right!”
He leaned back again, as if unable to find a comfortable position to sit still in. “Don’t 
let this pleasant demeanor fool you. I have my goals and ambitions and a face I show 
my people in public. But as for my personality, after spending generations upon 
generations amongst you lessers, who seem to change your ethics and social mores 
on a whim, it’s a pain to keep up with appearing dignified and cultured. For instance, 
even in my continent just a couple hundred years ago, it used to be normal to have 
public torture and executions—hell, they even brought snacks and watched it as free 
entertainment. Now? It’s somehow become shockingly horrifying to them.”
He waved a hand dismissively. “I have my people to handle and run the lessers based 
on their ever-changing sense of right and wrong.”
Wow, he talks a lot. Still, there was a lot of knowledge contained in his little rant. From 
what I’d seen facing the Alacryan soldiers—and, truthfully, my own prejudice based 
on the crazy Vritra like Uto and the witch—I had imagined that the enemy continent 
would be some horrid wasteland full of lessers enslaved to do the Vritra’s bidding.
But from what Agrona had just said, Alacrya seemed to be like any normal developing 
land, with leaders that actually cared for their citizens.
“That look you have right now.” He pointed a finger at me. “That annoying look of 
pleasant surprise… you were thinking it’s weird that I actually give a shit about the 
lessers in Alacrya, huh?”
“Well, from what the asuras told me, you’ve been conducting experiments on the 
lessers and breeding with them even before you were kicked out of Epheotus,” I 
remarked.
I expected him to get mad—at least annoyed—but instead his expression turned 
somber. “The best lie is only telling half the truth, I suppose. Kezess and that lackey of 
his, Windsom, never told you the reason why I did all this, did they?”
So Lord Indrath’s first name is Kezess, I noted internally before replying. “It was to build 
an army capable of bringing down the other asuras, no?”
“That’s all they told you?” Agrona rolled his eyes, tapping his fingers impatiently on 
the chair’s armrest. “Arthur, do you think I one day just woke up wanting to commit 
genocide against my brethren?”
“Any reason you have isn’t justification for what you’re trying to do,” I stated firmly.
He scoffed. “I should have more or less expected you to have the same mindset as 
Kezess and the rest of his underlings.”
Annoyed, I asked, “What do you mean?”
“Let’s suppose you lived in this continent without being able to use magic; how 
differently would everyone you know have treated you today? The royal families you 
know? They wouldn’t bat an eye in your direction. Your peers from Xyrus? You would 
never have met them—probably would’ve just befriended thugs and farmers from 
your own social class. Your family? Well, they might be the only ones that love you, but 
that doesn’t mean they wouldn’t be inwardly disappointed by your lack of talent.”
I raised a brow. “And… this hypothetical person is supposed to relate to you?”
“Basilisks in general were notorious amongst other races, but imagine if your very 
clansmen and family looked down on you for the miniscule talent that you had no 
control over. The same Lord Indrath who approved of you in that brusque and lofty 
way of his didn’t even find it worthwhile to breathe in my direction,” Agrona spat, his 
fingers clawing away at the armrest.
“So you found it justifiable to inhumanely toy with the lives of countless ‘lessers’ in 
order for you to get stronger?” I shot back.
He tilted his head. “Do you shed tears for the ants you step on?”
Rage smoldered in my stomach, but by his tone and expression, it didn’t seem like he 
was looking down on me. He truly felt that lessers were like bugs.
“It was naive to think we could have a rational conversation,” I said.
Agrona spread his arms, looking at me with a proud smile. “What I achieved through 
those experiments has benefited not only myself, but the lessers in Alacrya—to such 
a degree that they worship me. Not out of fear, but out of reverence. To them, I am their 
savior.”
“Savior?” I scoffed again. “Did you somehow wipe their memories of killing and 
torturing your people’s ancestors or something?”
“Killing and torturing… I could taste the bitterness in your words from here, Arthur,” 
he said, feigning a hurt expression. “Why, I’ve merely utilized the many lessers who 
were available to me in order to strengthen my own kind’s inherent abilities. I’m sure 
those test subjects are grateful that I made use of them. After all, I’ve accomplished 
something unimaginable. It is their heirs, the future generations of their families, that 
now live to reap the reward for their sacrifice.
I wanted to slap the snide look off his face, but this egotistical maniac truly believed 
that what he was doing was right.
“What have you managed to accomplish for their future generations that is so great it 
supersedes decades of you conducting experiments on the inhabitants of Alacrya?” I 
asked, playing along.
“I’ll answer that question with another question,” he gestured. “I know the rough 
statistic of mages to nonmages in Dicathen is one to one hundred. What do you 
suppose the statistic is in Alacrya?”
I remained silent.
Agrona smirked. “It’s one in five.”
“One… one in five?” I sputtered.
“Unimaginable by your standards as well, right?” He gave me a wink.
“I’ll admit that what you manage to do is impressive, but aren’t you afraid that with so 
many of the population being mages, those who still hold a grudge against you will 
band together and revolt?”
Agrona looked at me for a second in silence before he burst out laughing.
“Oh… you weren’t joking,” he said in between laughs after seeing my expression. “Like 
I said earlier, my people, whether they have some of my genes or they’re still full 
blooded lessers, revere me. Because of the structured process of awakening I have 
devised for them, many of them can utilize magic to improve their mundane lives.”
“You’re telling me that you spent the time and effort to devise this method for what… 
the actual benefit of Alacryans?” I asked, skeptical. “I’ve heard from the asuras, but 
since they’re apparently so skewed in their views, I want to hear it from your mouth. 
What is your goal in all of this?”
“Ooh, is this the part where the villain falls into a monologue and reveals his nefarious 
plans to the righteous hero?” he replied excitedly, steepling his fingers.
I shook my head. “You’re insane.”
“Insanity is relative,” he said, unwavering. “And as for your question, I have no 
intention of telling you anything.”
“You said you were interested in me earlier. I assumed it was because you wanted my 
help, but withholding your goal in all this hardly makes me want to jump over to your 
side,” I pushed, hoping to get an answer out of him.
Agrona leaned back. “I never expected you to come to my side as a result of this little 
conversation. I told you all this because it is my hope that you will remove yourself 
from the war.”
“What? Why would I—”
Agrona held up a hand. “Before you say no, consider this. Thus far, I’ve been 
progressing very conservatively in this war—refraining from unnecessary civilian 
deaths, since I have use for them—but that does not mean it will continue this way.
“You’ve barely managed to cling to your life up until now, but this is just the start. 
Statistically speaking, how likely is it that your side can win this war—and that your 
family and other loved ones will be alive after everything?” He paused before speaking 
again. “You can hide, seek refuge in Alacrya—anything really, just as long you don’t 
become an opponent to my army. Guarantee that, and I will guarantee that you and 
your loved ones will be left untouched.”
It would be a lie to say a small part of me wasn’t tempted. “What do you gain from me 
doing this? Telling me to keep hidden or go to Alacrya obviously means you want me 
alive. Why? If I’m not on your side, aren’t I a threat?”
“Despite how I may be perceived and what I’ve done to get to where I am today, I don’t 
believe that allies can be made through force. If I want you on my side, I won’t attempt 
that by threats.”
We both stayed silent for a bit. He was waiting for me to respond, and I didn’t know 
how to respond. I wanted to refuse—I should definitely refuse—but for some reason,
his words carried a weight that made me truly think.
“It actually seems like you’re thinking about it,” he said. “As a small thank you for that, 
I’ll divulge a few things that you may or may not have been curious about.” Agrona 
smoothed out the wrinkles of the black dress Sylvie’s body was wearing. “First. Your 
parents were attacked not too long ago while transporting supplies to your forces at 
the Wall, correct?”
I bolted up from my seat, mana coalescing around my entire body.
Still seated, Agrona raised his hands in a placating gesture. His eyes, however, were 
fierce. “You may not believe me when I say this, but your parents were left untouched 
because I willed it.”
“Lastly. The asuras have been out of touch with your leaders, right?” He didn’t wait for 
me to respond. The asura possessing my bond rose to his feet, maintaining his poise. 
“That’s because a few asuras, including Aldir and Windsom, tried infiltrating my castle 
in Alacrya, hoping that they’d succeed in killing me while my forces are divided.”
“Tried? That means that they failed,” I replied, my heart beating faster. “Doesn’t that 
mean the treaty is broken?”
Agrona shook his head. “No. Neither my side nor the asuras in Epheotus wish for it, 
but they had to pay for violating the treaty. So we made another deal.”
I was afraid to ask, but I did anyway. “What is the deal that you made?”
“The asuras in Epheotus can no longer aid you in any way throughout this war,” he 
answered, stepping a bit closer. “Windsom, Aldir, and the rest of the asuras that you’ve 
met have abandoned you and Dicathen.”
It would be tempting to say that I remained unfazed and took the news in stride, but 
that would be a lie. In my head, I was using every curse I knew to express the 
frustration and panic that was bubbling up inside me.
Finally, after I regained enough composure to form words again, I spoke. “Why are you 
telling me all this?”
“To appeal to you, of course. I’m trying to ultimately get you on my side willingly, 
remember?” Agrona winked. “Frankly, I don’t see where your loyalty to those asuras 
comes from. Kezess and the other asuras that helped train you did so only for their 
own gains; you simply went along with it because you needed to get stronger to keep 
your loved ones safe. Seems more like a business arrangement to me.”
I shook my head. “Even so. You’ve said that you’ve been conservative during this war, 
but while you come off as well-mannered so far, your retainers have massacred 
soldiers with glee.”
“Exactly as you said. Soldiers,” Agrona pointed out, snapping his fingers. “And really… 
I think it’s hardly fair to bring that up when your side has treated my men with just 
about the same amount of hospitality. I’d say freezing my poor Jagrette and displaying 
her corpse like some sort of trophy in front of your nobles is hardly any better than 
what she or any of my other soldiers have done.”
I was at a loss for words. I shouldn’t have been surprised that Agrona had such detailed 
information, but hearing him speak of events that had happened in the castle, like he 
had been there to witness it, was difficult to digest. Clearly he was much better 
informed about our actions that we were about his.
Silence enveloped the room, bringing my attention to the sound of the wind whistling 
around us.
“What we’ve discussed today isn’t something you can organize in a span of a few 
minutes. I’ll give you some time to think about everything,” he finally said, breaking 
the silence. “Besides, Sylvie seems to be stirring from her sleep. After you’ve thought 
about it, recite this spell to Sylvie so you can give me your answer.”
He sent a string of foreign words through mental transmission, allowing me time to 
remember it. Then he continued, “I advise you to make a choice soon, though. As I said 
earlier, we’re progressing to the next stage of this war, and I assure you it won’t be to 
your side’s benefit. Offering you this deal does not grant you immunity from harm 
should you refuse or withhold your answer.”
“Wait,” I called out. “What you told me earlier… that I was the only one on this continent 
you’re interested in. You never told me why that is.”
“I suppose it does no harm in telling you.” Agrona tapped his chin with a finger, 
thinking for a moment. “Let’s say I’ve enjoyed talking with an old friend of yours, King 
Grey.”



STEFFAN VALE
“Oh Great Vritra,” I muttered under my breath as one of the Shields lost his footing and 
was nearly trampled by the herd of mana beasts.
“Shields, keep up those defensive panels! Don’t let any of the beasts stray from the 
pack,” I barked. With the Shields properly chastised, I looked back down at the 
mysterious black ore in my hand. I had been ordered to crush it once the beasts had 
been successfully relocated to the Elshire Forest.
I watched as hundreds of corrupted mana beasts were herded between tall translucent 
panels, which had been conjured by the Shields. It was a peculiar sight. Monsters that 
would normally avoid each other—or attack one another—shuffled along in a stupor. 
Spiders large as hounds, immense wolves with ridges of dark bone jutting from their 
hides, and even serpents with heads on both ends—all manner of creatures “marched” 
together, unaware of anything but the unfightable urge to move, one sluggish step after 
another. Several unads—non-mages—served to protect each of the Shields just in case 
any of the beasts broke free.
Even unads have their uses. Better one of them dies than a mage.
My gaze swept over the unads, encased in iron and wielding weapons of steel—which 
they couldn’t even strengthen. Pitiful.
I turned to the Sentry assigned to my force, Ashton, a lanky man with bangs that 
covered his eyes. “Can you get a read inside the forest?”
He put his palms to the ground, concentrating. “My range is cut to about a fourth inside 
there.”
“Looks like you’ll have to go in with us.”
He stepped away from me, his eyes wide. “What? That’s not what—”
Before he could say more, I grabbed the Sentry by the throat and pulled him toward 
me until we were eye to eye. “Look. I don’t care that you Sentries think you’re special 
because of your voyeuristic tricks. You’ll be with my personal Shield and Caster, as safe 
as I can make you—safer than you’ll be if you keep talking.”
The boy gripped my forearm with trembling hands and let out a choked grunt that I 
assumed mean “Yes sir.”
Merciful Vritra, he’s not going to make it far as a soldier if he’s scared to go anywhere 
near a battle.
“You’ll be fine,” I said, releasing him. “Now form the mental link with me, and only me. 
Something tells me you’re not very good at multitasking.”
The Sentry nodded, placing two fingers on my temple and closing his eyes in 
concentration.
‘C-can you hear me?’ a familiar voice rang directly in my head.
How is it that you stutter even inside your own head, I thought.
‘I can only do one-way transmission of mental communication. I won’t be able to hear 
back from you.’
“Okay,” I said aloud, rolling my eyes. Though I wasn’t impressed with the boy’s skill, 
his presence meant that my Shield and Caster wouldn’t have to stay so close to me and 
could rely on feedback from the Sentry.
Turning my attention back to the task at hand, I watched as more and more of the 
corrupted beasts disappeared into the thick, hazy forest—home to the elves in 
Dicathen. As soon as the last of the monsters, which we’d herded out of the northern 
Beast Glades, were deep inside the dense array of trees, I held up the black ore.
“Unads—nonmages—front line positions with weapons ready. Strikers—behind them 
with your Shields and Casters close. Prepare to charge on my signal!” Several teams of 
mages had been on standby, watching the Shields shepherd the mana beasts into the 
misty trees, but they burst into action at my order, taking up their places along the 
edge of the forest.
Once confident that each team was in place, I crushed the black ore in my fist, releasing 
control of the horde of creatures. Vicious growls, snarls, and roars could be heard from 
within the forest as the mana beasts woke from their sedation.
Several unads carrying supplies began handing out vials of rancid liquid for the 
soldiers to spray on their clothes. Expensive and temporary, but it would prevent the 
corrupted beasts from attacking us.
Once this task was complete, a tense silence fell over the company as everyone waited 
for my signal. I flexed my hands, eager to finally see some action and to utilize my 
newly unlocked crest. Not even a season had passed since I had trained my initial mark 
to form my crest—truly praiseworthy for an Alacryan who had just turned eighteen—
yet I found myself thirsting for more. Just like my father, I wanted to be granted the 
privilege of entering the Obsidian Vault and, if I proved strong enough, acquire an 
emblem.
I looked forward to returning to Alacrya. I knew my father would survive the trials of 
the Obsidian Vault, and I wanted nothing more than to see what sort of emblem he 
would claim from within.
Perhaps he’ll be blessed with a legendary regalia! If so, the House of Vale will soar within 
all of Vechor, perhaps even within all of Alacrya.
Yet I knew that my father wasn’t capable of claiming a regalia; he was only a mid-tier 
mage, even considering the relatively young age at which he attempted the Vault. 
Already I knew myself to be his match in power, though he was twice my age. While I 
respected his strength and talent, he was just a Shield, whereas I—
A loud crash resounded in the distance. With my basic senses enhanced by my crest, I 
was able to hear faint yells. An elven patrol must have found our beasts.
Glancing behind me to make sure that the signaling artifact, which would guide us 
back out of the forest, was in its proper place, I steeled myself.
“Charge!” I roared, tapping into the power of my crest to sheath my entire body in 
protective mana.
The non-mages surged ahead in a cacophony of war-cries and clanging iron, no doubt 
or reluctance in the face of death. Behind them, the mages strode forth with a steady 
confidence, some chanting, others stone-faced and watchful.
I was certain that it was my own bolstering presence that filled these troops with 
confidence—confidence that stemmed from both my strength and mentality. It didn’t 
matter if the Dicathians had strange, versatile magic; for me, this mission was simply 
an opportunity to succeed and to receive more accolades—achievements to further 
my blood waiting for me in Alacrya.
I weaved through the maze of trees, unable to even see my own feet because of the 
dense fog. However, it was easy to spot the battle between the elves and the corrupted 
mana beasts we had let loose on their land.
Though outnumbered, the elves were holding their own against the rabid beasts. 
Glowing arrows—shot with astonishing accuracy—fell beast after beast, small and 
large. The forest itself seemed to come alive to trap and choke several of the larger 
monsters.
Nearby, an older elf caught my eye. She had no weapons, but she conjured deadly 
blades of wind that sliced through several beasts at once.
She was my target.
“Seren, focus shields on me and stay at a distance with Mari. Ashton, stick close to 
them and relay my position in case I’m in danger,” I ordered, picking up my pace. 
Polygonal panels of mana hovered around me to defend against any projectiles, while 
a faint hum sounded from behind me as Mari began charging her magic.
I channeled mana through my crest and unsheathed my sword, which had been 
strengthened by a powerful instiller. The blade ignited with a jagged fire that tore and 
seared rather than burned.
Mana continued to circulate through my crest and out to the rest of my body, 
strengthening my limbs. Power rushed through me as I dashed forward into the thick 
of the battle like a true Striker, my sword blazing like a beacon to my troops.
The first elf in my path, a lean young mage with short hair and stern brows, turned to 
me, eyes widening. His mouth moved and wind began gathering around his dual 
daggers, but it was too late. My sword smashed through his parry and I felt it strike a 
layer of mana before carving into his flesh. Surprise and pain flashed across his face, 
then he collapsed at my feet.
So even a weak mage like this is able to protect himself with mana. How odd. These 
Dicathian mages, while versatile, are just as slow as I’d heard though. Primitive fools.
Around me, many other mages had already engaged with the enemy elves. The tide 
was rapidly turning in our favor. My soldiers drew the elves’ attention, allowing the 
mana beasts to run amuck. The corrupted beasts were deadly in that they didn’t care 
for their own safety and viciously attacked anything in their way.
As I neared the elf using wind-blade magic, Ashton’s voice rang once more in my head.
‘Her mana readings are a bit different, b-but she should be around the lower end of a 
mid-tier mage. Your Caster is readying her spell to single-target. Proceed with caution, 
and I’ll let you know when to get out of the way.’
So this is what it’s like to have a Sentry—even a half-baked one—accessible. No wonder 
they’re considered valuable despite not having a single form of offensive or defensive
magic.
When I had unlocked my mark after the awakening ceremony, the fire magic it granted 
me allowed my flames to take on a jagged nature that tore at anything in its path—a 
rare, upper mid-tier mark. However, after I had mastered that magic to the point that 
I could evolve it to a crest, I was able to utilize it in a whole new way.
Slowing to a cautious walk, I sheathed my sword and circulated more mana through 
my crest. My body erupted, shrouding me in an armor of fire and releasing four 
floating sickles of jagged flame. They orbited around me, ready to strike with only a 
thought. It was a powerful ability, but it required that I concentrate entirely on 
controlling the fiery sickles.
My target let loose another blade of wind, killing two more beasts before turning her 
full attention on me.
‘S-Shield prepared to guard the attack.”
Unlike the dagger-wielding elf I had just killed, her mouth didn’t move when she cast 
her spell, letting loose a blade of wind meant to cut me in two.
I sprinted forward, my movement empowered by the flames enveloping my body. Two 
polygonal shields were layered in front of me, prepared to take on the wind blade. The 
first panel broke upon impact and the second cracked, but the spell was dispersed.
Just as I was able to get in range to send my sickles out, I heard the Sentry’s voice in 
my mind.
‘Duck!’
Without hesitation, I dropped to the ground. Although the sudden movement broke 
my concentration on controlling the flying sickles of flame, I avoided the mana-clad 
arrow that sizzled through the air. The arrow crackled like a bolt of lightning 
overhead—I knew that relying on the shield was a risk better not taken.
I need to end this fast. I can’t waste too much mana on just a single enemy; there are 
many yet to come.
The drawback of using the full form of my crest was the amount of mana required to 
keep it up. Each of the four sickles also cost mana to maintain; something I would need 
to improve upon if I ever wanted to be able to control more orbiting flame-sickles.
Pushing off with both my hands and feet, I dashed toward the elf, who was just about 
to release another blade.
One sickle arced down toward her clasped hands, but despite the speed of my blitz, 
she was able to dodge, withdrawing her hands and allowing the blade to flash 
harmlessly past. The momentary distraction allowed me time to slam a burning fist 
into her breastplate, shattering it and sending her flying backwards into a tree.
Releasing my flame-clad form to save mana, I drew my blade to end the elf. I nearly 
dropped the sword, though, as a terrifying presence gripped at my very soul.
‘S-S-Steffen. G-get out of there. Now!’
I wanted to—I wanted nothing more than to escape, to flee like a rabbit that smells a 
fox, but I found myself on my knees, clawing at my chest, unable to breathe.
What in Great Vritra’s name is this suffocating presence?
I tried to crawl away; it was all I could manage. I cared not to save face in front of my 
soldiers. If I didn’t get out of there, I knew I wouldn’t live to feel ashamed.
That was when he landed in front of me. His striking blue eyes, which radiated power, 
gazed down at me in annoyance.
I was the son of Karnal Vale, heir to the House of Vale! Yet in front of this boy, who 
appeared no older than me, I was nothing—not a warrior, not a leader, not a mage. 
Nothing.
My body trembled and convulsed as a palpable power radiated from him, crushing me 
to the ground with the weight of a mountain.
Distantly, I heard a slight hum, then a beam of pure frost bombarded the boy. I flinched 
and rolled away, avoiding the icy nova that exploded around him. A fleeting sense of 
hope allowed me to get back on my feet as I tried to run away, but I didn’t even get two 
steps before a searing pain radiated from my right arm and the ground slid out from 
under me.
I toppled forward, unable to brace my fall. My right side had gone suddenly numb; it 
was with vague detachment that I saw my arm was gone, severed by a spell. Blood 
pooled crimson below me, soaking my uniform and the ground alike. Fighting through 
the haze of shock and disbelief, I used my left arm to try and crawl again, unable to get 
up. Feeling the wild tinge of desperation seeping through the shock, I looked around 
hopefully for my teammates, only to find Seren, Mari, and Ashton fleeing.
My vision dimmed as I found myself eye-level with grasping roots sprouting from the 
ground. It wasn’t supposed to be like this.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I surveyed my surroundings. The once lush, green forest was stained with blood and 
littered with corpses. Even the thick fog did little to cover up the aftermath of the 
battle.
“Thank you, General Arthur, for your aid.” The female elf’s voice was hoarse with pain, 
and she winced as she attempted to bow.
My eyes lingered on the corpses; too many were elven soldiers who had died trying to 
protect their home. “I’m sorry I couldn’t come sooner. This could’ve all been avoided 
had I arrived before the beasts were herded into the forest.”
The elf shook her head. “Please don’t apologize. The outcome of this battle would’ve 
been very different had you not come at all. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to gather 
my men.”
With a weary smile and a nod, the elf limped away, occasionally bending down over a 
prone form to check for signs of life. Other elves, those still capable of movement, 
gathered to her, each one wearing the same sad, stoic expression.
Is this what Agrona meant when he said the war is progressing to the next stage?
This marked the first assault on Elven territory, and even if this particular strike had 
been beaten back, it had done its job.
Until now, Sapin had taken the brunt of the attacks, which had made it easy to allocate 
resources to a central place. Now, though, our enemies were striking Elenoir as well. 
How would the Council choose to handle this?
I’ll have to check up on General Aya to see if she needs help, I thought. A weak moan 
drew my attention to the Alacryan at my feet, who I had managed to keep alive. I had 
severed his dominant arm but otherwise kept him able; the healthier he was to start, 
the longer he’d last during the information extraction.
“You—soldier carrying the weapons,” I called out to a nearby elf who had been 
assigned to collect his fallen comrades’ belongings.
The young elf looked down at the weapons in his arms before realizing that he was 
the one being called to. “Y-yes, General Arthur?”
I pointed down to the Alacryan on the ground. “Bring this one to the camp and wrap 
up his wounds so he doesn’t bleed out.”
A look of disdain passed across the elf’s face, but he quickly hid it and dipped his head 
in understanding.
“Oh, and make sure he doesn’t kill himself before I interrogate him,” I added as the elf 
dragged the wounded enemy roughly over his shoulder.
“Yes sir!” he said with renewed vigor, knowing that his enemy’s fate would perhaps be 
even worse than death.
I sank down on a bed of thick moss and leaned back against a tree. I pulled out my 
waterskin and took a long draft, letting the cold water rest in my mouth before I gulped 
it down.
There was a faint glow now as the sun rose. Looking upward to the dense canopy, I 
could see specks of orange peeking through the lush green to provide a little warmth 
in the damp and cold forest.
I let my mind wander; I was not ready to think on the task ahead. As it had regularly 
for the last few days, my conversation with Agrona played in my head. I had decided 
simply to ignore Agrona’s promise of safety for my family if I recused myself from the 
battle, telling no one but Sylvie. I didn’t, however, explain to my bond that she could 
be used as a mouthpiece for the enemy at a moment’s notice.
I also hadn’t mentioned Agrona’s appearance to the Council—not even Virion. Though 
Agrona had claimed that he couldn’t utilize Sylvie’s mana, I didn’t want the others to 
panic and lock her in a cell. I still wasn’t sure if hiding it was right, but I could only 
hope that a solution would present itself eventually. I had told Sylvie only that Agrona 
had contacted me, not how. I thought of the conversation too often to hide it from her 
entirely, and sharing my thoughts with her had eased my mind.
Still, despite the weight of that conversation, things seemed to be getting better.
My core had advanced to white, and every moment my body continued to acclimate to 
the change, I felt stronger. The scars around on my neck and wrist hadn’t disappeared 
but had faded significantly. My legs, which had endured several substantial injuries, 
felt more stable than before.
I knew that my body hadn’t physically changed, but using organic magic, magic that 
didn’t have a set purpose predisposed by gestures or chants, had become infinitely 
more natural—and with it, provided a method for me to grow even stronger. This also 
allowed me to increase control over Static Void and the phases of my dragon’s will. 
Though Lady Myre had made it clear I would never be able to control aether like the 
asuras could, even I still didn’t know how far I could progress.
I still couldn’t use any sequence of Mirage Walk, including Burst Step, without causing 
irreparable damage to my lower body, though.
Sylvie’s body, unlike mine, had changed significantly. While she looked just a little 
younger than my sister in her new human form, she had the coordination of a toddler.
Her frustration was visible; she frequently tripped over her own feet or lost balance 
for no apparent reason while standing still. She had a particularly difficult time 
learning to use her newly-acquired thumbs. Many plates and bowls had to be replaced 
due to her clumsy efforts to use these new human appendages.
I let out a chuckle, still clearly able to picture everyone’s faces when they saw Sylvie in 
her human form for the first time. Everyone had taken it a different way.
Kathyln’s eyes had widened as she bolted away from my door, repeatedly apologizing 
for the intrusion, then leaving before I could explain. Hester, unable to suppress an 
amused grin, simply waved to me before following her ward back down the hall.
My sister had pointed at me with a trembled finger and asked when Tessia and I had 
a child together. When I thought about it, Sylvie did have glossy, wheat-colored hair 
that might have resulted from a shade of brown mixing with gunmetal silver, but I 
responded like any older brother would: I smacked the back of Ellie’s head and asked 
her how Sylvie could be my child if she looked only a few years younger than Ellie. At 
the mention of Sylvie’s name, my sister turned ecstatic, immediately taking the 
stumbling Sylvie under her wing as a sort of prote ge e.
Virion’s reaction had been relatively muted; he seemed to have sensed this little girl 
was Sylvie the moment he walked into the room. We had spent several minutes 
exchanging questions and answers, he had teased me about being a father at such a 
young age, however would I handle the responsibility and so on, then had left with a 
bow to Sylvie.
Emily had been fascinated and had immediately started brainstorming ideas on how 
to measure Sylvie’s strength, to test her abilities, and to create a grading system that 
would allow comparison of human versus asuran magical potency. Sylvie and I only 
escaped the encounter by promising to let Emily come by our room and observe 
Sylvie’s learning behavior on occasion.
I decided then that I really needed to introduce Emily to some of the castle’s young 
noblemen…
Squeezing my eyes shut, I let out a deep breath. I had left Sylvie behind; she was still 
getting used to the changes to her body now that the seal her mother had placed on 
her was broken. Although I felt isolated here, despite the constant activity around me 
as the elven forces dealt with the aftermath of the recent battle, I knew I had made the 
right decision.
I didn’t want her—I didn’t want anyone I knew—to see what I was about to do to the 
Alacryan boy I had kept alive.
I just hope that things are better on General Aya’s side, I thought.
Aya and I had been ordered to confirm news of the Alacryan assault on Elenoir and 
aid in the defense against the attacks if necessary. News of the battle would already 
have been communicated back to Virion, and I knew that, at that very moment, the 
Council chambers must be in chaos as they fought over proper redistribution of 
soldiers and mages to protect not only Sapin, but now Elenoir as well.
“General Arthur!” a familiar voice called out from a distance, coaxing my eyes open.
It was the elf I had ordered to carry the Alacryan back to camp. He ran toward me 
deftly, never missing a footing despite the unevenness of the ground. “The Alacryan 
has awoken!”
I rose to my feet, patting the dirt off of my clothes. In preparation for what was to 
come, I reached out for the emptiness that would help me interrogate the enemy 
without remorse or sympathy, all the while trying to bury the memory of my past 
when the situation was reversed.
“Strip the prisoner and remove everyone else from the room.”
The encampment of elven troops was in the middle of a small clearing that seemed 
unnatural, just a few hundred yards north of the battle—or so I thought. My senses, 
even at the white core stage, weren’t fully accustomed to the direction-disturbing 
effects of the Elshire Forest.
By the holes in the ground, which had been packed with fresh dirt, and the unusually 
dense trees just outside the camp, I assumed the elves had a mage with strong wood 
affinity to manipulate the trees. Elven soldiers rushed about between tents made of 
thick fabric, which filled the clearing.
A few bowed as they passed, while others glanced warily in my direction.
The elf pointed ahead. “This way, General. The Alacryan is in the tent at the rear. Our 
head is waiting just outside.”
The “tent” was actually a large canopy made up of twisted roots and branches with a 
thick cloth draped over it. A swirling dome of wind covered the wooden tent, causing 
the cloth to sway and ripple. Waiting outside, her attention on the entrance of the tent, 
arms out and mana continually circulating inside her, was the same armored woman 
who I had saved from the prisoner himself.
As she noticed us approach, she visibly relaxed and held out a hand. “I forgot to 
introduce myself earlier. My name is Lenna Aemaris, head of the southeastern unit in 
Elenoir.”
“Arthur Leywin.” I shook her hand before turning to the tent. “He’s able to talk?”
Lenna’s face contorted in disgust. “He’s been screaming and yelling since waking up, 
which is why I had to put up a wind barrier. It’ll also give you some privacy,” she added 
knowingly.
“Thank you.” I took a calm breath, dissociating myself from the events about to unfold 
as I walked through the sound protecting barrier without disrupting the spell—a feat 
that was much harder than it appeared. I couldn’t think of myself as Arthur; I was an 
interrogator, and I had a job to do.
Once inside the barrier, my ears were filled with the sound of an angry boy shouting 
idle threats.
“My arm! Where’s my arm? If you primitive beasts know what’s good for you, you’ll 
untie me. I am of blood Vale, a distinguished family of the—”
My hand cracked across his face, snapping it back with the force of the blow.
The boy looked at me, stunned. “Y-you—you slapped me! What’s your name? I’ll have 
you—”
His head rocked as I slapped him once more. When he’d recovered, I bent forward to 
lock eyes with the boy. “I don’t think you truly understand the gravity of the situation 
you are in, so allow me to enlighten you.”
My fingers crackled with wire-thin tendrils of electricity as I grabbed him by the 
forehead and squeezed down on his temples. The boy’s body immediately spasmed as 
I continued to take advantage of my organic mana.
“Un… h-hand me! Wh-what are you d-d-doing?” the boy cried out.
I continued imbuing carefully strewn lightning mana into his brain and down his 
nerves for the next few minutes until it finally worked.
A mind-numbing scream tore out from the boy’s throat as he flailed madly in his seat. 
“Burns! I-it burns!”
“Of course it does,” I replied flatly. “Your nerve-endings are a little confused right now, 
making it feel as if you’re in a fire.”
I could see the whites of his eyes as he screamed. Foaming at the mouth, the boy 
continued to thrash, desperately trying to put out a fire that wasn’t there.
After a few minutes had passed, I gripped his head once more and relieved him from 
the pain.
“Pl-please. Why are you doing this? What do you want? I’ll give you anything,” he 
muttered in between sobs as his entire body trembled in shock.
“Your name,” I demanded without emotion.
“Why do you need to know—” the boy let out a shrill cry at the mere sight of me lifting 
my hand. “Steffan! Steffan Vale. Please… no more.”
“Steffan. Just looking at you, I know your family—or blood, as you call it—is 
distinguished, meaning you are as well. Unlike the other soldiers we’ve captured so 
far, you’ve made no attempts to kill yourself—and wish dearly to live. Am I correct so 
far?”
“Yes!” he blurted out, clearly eager to avoid any more pain.
I chose my next words carefully before speaking. “I won’t kill you if you cooperate. In 
what condition you make it back home, however, will depend on how helpful you are 
and how honestly you answer my questions. Do you understand?”
He nodded fiercely.
“A few of your troops have survived and managed to escape, but I strongly advise you 
rid yourself of the hope that any force they can muster up and bring back here will be 
strong enough to aid you.”
In my time as a silver and then white core mage, I had grown used to restraining my 
full power, as the aura of a white core mage could be crippling to those around them. 
Now, though, I needed this Steffan to understand his situation, to really believe what I 
was telling him, so I let go my restraint.
The thick roots and branches making up the tent cracked and snapped under the full 
weight of a white core mage letting loose. The ground splintered as rubble shook 
below our feet.
As for Steffan, he was having a hard time breathing, even with the meager amounts of 
mana cycling throughout his body. His bloodshot eyes bulged and his mouth gaped 
like a fish out of water, and an acrid stench drifted up from the wet spot between his 
legs. I withdrew my mana.
“I-I… under—understand,” he stammered.
“Good,” I said, taking a step back. I thought of going straight to the more pressing 
questions, but I wanted to see if he was actually telling the truth.
“List all of the members of the Vale house and your relationship to them.”
The boy looked fearful for a second, perhaps thinking that I would use the information 
to kill off his entire house, but he didn’t have the strength to refuse. Steffan rattled off 
a list of names that had no meaning to me until one name came up that I could verify. 
“…Izora Vale, my mother. Karnal Vale, my father. Lucia Vale, my sister.”
I put up a hand to stop him.
“What is the awakening process?”
“The awakening is the ceremony that unlocks for children their first mark so that they 
can become a mage,” Steffan answered, his voice hoarse.
“What is the difference between a crest and a mark?” I asked, remembering the terms 
from my glimpse into Uto’s memories through his horn.
The boy recited his reply like he’d memorized it out of a textbook. “A crest is stronger. 
It symbolizes a greater understanding of the specified route of magic that the mark 
enables the mage to utilize…”
My curiosity was beginning to win me over; I wanted to learn more about Alacryan 
magic, but I could tell he was starting to withdraw. I knew it would be a lot harder to 
get him motivated to answer my questions the longer it went, and without an emitter 
to keep him alive, losing him was a risk I couldn’t take now.
Again, I chose the words very carefully for my next question. I wanted Steffan to think 
he was confirming what I already knew. That was the best way to get truthful answers 
out of him.
“What stage is above marks and crests?” I asked, gripping his leg in warning as his 
eyes began to shut.
“A-after crests are emblems, and then regalias,” he said hurriedly.
“How strong are mages with regalias compared to retainers?”
“I don’t know! My family’s highest power is my grandfather, and he’s only an emblem 
mage—I swear on the name of Vritra!”
“Swear on the name of Vritra,” I echoed distastefully. I’d heard a saying similar inside 
the cavern in Darv. It seemed the Vritra were considered almost like gods in Alacrya.
“Do you know how many emblem- and regalia-holders are on Dicathen currently?”
He shook his head. “My commander is an emblem mage, but I know that he answers 
to a regalia-holder. I don’t know the exact numbers.”
I let out a sigh. This boy was too low in the rankings to be of any real use. From the 
sound of it, the House of Vale that he so proudly proclaimed to be a member of wasn’t 
even very high up in Alacrya.
Finally, I asked a few questions pertaining specifically to the orders he had received. 
As I had feared, this had not been the only attack targeting the Elshire Forest. Several 
other troops were headed north, intending to strike while the elven forces were still 
recovering and before further reinforcements could be sent from Sapin.
“Please… let me go now. You promised. I answered every one of your questions 
truthfully!” The boy’s shoulders sagged; the stump that used to be his right arm was 
bleeding through the bandages.
“Like I said, I won’t kill you.” With those last words, I left the tent.
Outside, waves of elven soldiers were arriving at the camp, some carrying bloodied 
allies, while others moved what was left of their comrades’ corpses.
I stepped up next to Lenna Aemaris. She flinched when our eyes met, but she remained 
silent, waiting for my orders.
My gaze remained cold; I didn’t want even a shred of emotion to get in my way as I 
spoke.
“I’m done. Feel free to dispose of the Alacryan however you see fit.”
My eyes snapped open from a sharp sting on my cheek, only to see a blinding light 
aimed straight at my face.
Immediately, my heart started to pound as my mind scrambled to make sense of what 
was going on. I tried to stand, but both my hands and feet were bound to the chair I 
was sitting on.
“Grey. Can you hear me?” a dark silhouette asked from behind the fluorescent light.
“Where am I? Who are you?” I groaned, my throat dry and burning.
“What is the last thing you remember?” said another voice, ignoring my questions. I 
saw a second, larger, figure standing next to the first, but I couldn’t make out any other 
details aside from that.
My head throbbed as I tried to recall the memories, but eventually I was able to sort 
them out. “I… I had just won the tournament.”
I was slowly adjusting to the light, able to make out more details of the room I was in 
and the figures standing in front of me.
“What else?” the thinner man said calmly.
“I accepted an offer to be mentored by a powerful person,” I let out, hoping my 
ambiguity would go unnoticed.
“What is the name of this powerful woman and what is the nature of your 
relationship?” the man asked. The fact that he already knew she was a woman made 
me think that this was some kind of test, and that he likely already knew the answer.
I pulled at what felt like a thick metal wire tied around my wrists. Seeing as even my 
strength reinforced with ki did nothing, I had no choice but to answer. “I only know 
her as Lady Vera, and I just met her.”
“Lies,” the larger man, who I now could see had long slicked-back hair, hissed. He 
raised a hand as if to strike me, but the thinner man stopped him.
“What happened after you won the tournament, Grey?” he then asked, his voice 
emotionless.
I grimaced, trying to remember with some difficulty. “I think I headed back to my dorm 
room, right after.”
Lady Vera had said that she’d contact me once things settled down, but I wasn’t going 
to give these men more information than they asked for.
I was jolted out of my thoughts when a massive hand wrapped around my neck and 
lifted me—and the chair—off the ground.
“Again, lies!” he said, his face now close enough to mine to make me gag on his fetid 
breath. He had scars all across his face, making his already-intimidating features even 
more frightening. “It’d be wise to just tell us which organization sent you to protect 
the legacy.”
Organization? Legacy?
I couldn’t make sense of their accusations, but with my throat crushed in the man’s 
grasp, all I could do was flail and choke until his thinner companion smacked away the 
hand that was holding me.
Weighed down by the chair I had been tied to, I fell helplessly to the ground, my head 
snapping back into the hard floor with such force that I lost consciousness.
When I came to, I had been put back upright, face-to-face with the thinner man, who 
somehow scared me more than the large, scarred abomination.
He had short-cropped hair and the hollow eyes of a dead fish, which remained locked 
on mine as he forced his stiff lips into an awkward, mannequin-like smile.
“Strip him while I get the white phosphorus,” he said, turning abruptly and walking 
away.
The larger man sneered as he tore off the old shirt I had worn to bed and the gooseprint pajama pants that Headmaster Wilbeck had gotten me as a joke for my birthday.
“I believe you have some information that we need. Fortunately for you, this means 
that we need you alive—for now.” The thinner man came back, wearing gloves. In his 
hands was a small metal tube. “If you’re truly who we suspect you are, then you might 
have prepared for this. If, by some wild chance, we’ve made an error and everything 
that we considered as evidence was simply coincidence, then… well… this will be an 
incredibly uncomfortable experience for you.”
“What? What are you talking about?” I said, still bleary from the recent head trauma.
“This will be easy.” The thin man smiled as he dipped a gloved finger into the metal 
tube. “I won’t even ask you any questions yet.”
He smeared a line of shiny silver paste just below my ribs, then brought out a lighter.
“W-wait. What are you doing? Please,” I begged, still unable to fully process what was 
happening to me.
The man didn’t talk. He just lowered the small flame onto the silver paste. As soon as 
the fire touched the substance, a pain that I didn’t even know existed erupted in my 
flesh.
A scream tore free from my throat as my body convulsed from the searing torment. I 
had been burned before, but those injuries seemed like a warm breeze compared to 
the sensation eating away at my skin right now
It went on for what seemed like hours, and the pain somehow continued to grow 
worse. My screams turned hoarse and the tears that flooded down my face had run 
dry.
Finally, the pain began to subside, only for the thin man—the demon—to apply another 
line of the silver paste on a different part of my body.
“P-please,” I wept. “Don’t do this.”
The man silently lit another hellish fire on my body.
I screamed, and when my voice gave out, my mind screamed on.
Every part of my body spasmed and twitched, my muscles and nerves unable to 
process the input they were receiving.
My thoughts turned from the question of whether I was about to die to the hope that 
I would die soon, if only to relieve the pain.
I couldn’t tell how many times the demon stood before me holding that wretched 
silver paste of his, but this time he didn’t immediately smear my body with the paste 
again. My wide, wild eyes met his dispassionate gaze.
I jumped at this chance. If it meant that I would be free of the pain, I would do anything.
“I-I’ll tell you whatever you want. Anything. Everything!” I pleaded, my voice barely a 
whisper.
“That’s better,” he said, his face again twisting into an awful imitation of a smile.
“Now, I’m going to tell you a little story and you’re going to help fill in the gaps for me. 
Any attempts at lying or withholding any truths will unfortunately lead me to put this 
in places more… sensitive. Am I clear?” The thin demon held up the container of white 
phosphorus and waved it in front of me.
Without even the necessary saliva to swallow, I simply nodded.
“Your name is Grey, with background checks confirming you to be an orphan. One 
Headmaster Olivia Wilbeck had overseen your care since infancy, and the orphanage 
was what you considered home. Am I on track so far, Grey?”
I nodded again.
“Bring the boy a glass of water,” the thin man replied, seemingly pleased by my 
obedience.
The larger companion held a dirty cup against my mouth. The water tasted as if they’d 
wrung it from a wet dog, but it still felt blissfully cool against my parched mouth and 
throat.
The bulky man pulled the cup away after only a moment, allowing me no more than a 
couple of mouthfuls. I craned my neck toward the cup, but my efforts only made his 
scarred face crease into a sadistic grin.
“Moving on—and this was where I was hoping you’d start filling in the gaps…” he said 
as if I had a choice. “What military institution trained you to be the legacy’s protector, 
because there wasn’t anything in the official records.”
I furrowed my brows, confused. “I’ve only barely finished my second year at Wittholm 
Military Academy. I’ve had no previous training.”
“So you’re telling me that you managed to defeat two skilled ki combatants without 
prior training?” the thin man asked, his voice getting dangerously low.
“I had help from my friends, but yes,” I said, mustering up as much confidence as I 
could.
“And so you’re telling me Olivia Wilbeck, that calculating shrew, allowed the legacy to 
simply walk out in public with two ordinary children?”
“What is this legacy you keep mentioning? I’ve never heard of this thing in my life!” I 
pleaded.
The thin man regarded me silently for a moment. “There are just two things I really 
want to know, Grey: What organization sent you to protect the legacy, and to what 
extent is the country of Trayden providing assistance to you and the legacy by publicly 
announcing Lady Vera as your mentor?”
My mind spun, empty of answers. I had no idea what organization he was talking 
about or what the country of Trayden had to do with whatever “the legacy” was.
Before I could croak out some kind of answer, the man let out a heavy sigh. He rubbed 
the bridge of his nose as he walked toward me. “I really hoped you’d stay true to your 
word and cooperate. When you hesitate like this, I can only assume you’re trying to 
make up an answer.”
He dipped his gloved fingers in the tube and smeared a line of the silver paste on the 
inside of my left thigh.
“P-please. I don’t know,” I pleaded, fresh tears rolling down my cheeks once more. “I 
don’t know!”
Hellfire ignited on the soft flesh of my thighs, the heat reaching up to my crotch, 
making my stomach roil and my head swim.
I couldn’t tell if I was screaming after a while. My ears seemed to have stopped 
working. I thought the pain was unbearable, but no matter how badly I wanted to lose 
consciousness, I stayed awake, feeling every torturous moment tick past.
But that wasn’t even the worst part. The worst moments were those when the thin 
demon would wordlessly ignite another part of my body.
Every time he walked toward me, I was both afraid and hopeful—afraid that he’d 
induce more pain, but hopeful that this would be the time that he’d finally talk again, 
allowing me a reprieve from this hell.
Time seemed so foreign. I couldn’t tell whether it was going by fast or slow inside that 
dark, windowless room. The bright light aimed constantly at my face prevented me 
from making out details of the room. No distraction to help me ease the pain.
What snapped me out of my stupor was the sound of footsteps approaching me. I 
readied myself to plead, to beg, but I slowly realized a third person had come into the 
room.
“What the—”
The large man slumped after taking a quick strike from the newcomer.
The thin demon lashed out with an unseen weapon but was suddenly sent flying.
The third figure walked toward me, turning off the light.
White splotches obscured my vision, and I blinked until my eyes were able to adjust.
“You’re safe now, kid,” the figure said, kneeling down.
It was Lady Vera.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
The wind tore past me in gales as I flew above the clouds. Reaching white core had 
come with an abundance of perks and manipulating ambient mana effectively enough 
to take flight was one of them. Had I tried to do something like that while still in silver, 
I would’ve drained my own core minutes into a journey.
Now, I was filled with the surreal feeling of the mana around me lifting me up into the 
sky. Still, while the sensation was exhilarating, my head swam with thoughts from last 
night’s dream.
I assumed that interrogating the Alacryan was what brought out that unwanted 
memory, but with how frequently I’d been having these detailed memories of my 
former life, I couldn’t help but grow worried and frustrated. Regardless, I had made a 
vow when I was born into this world that I wouldn’t live a life like my previous one. 
Until I could get a better explanation of why these memories were coming back, I 
decided to just consider them reminders of my past failures.
Besides, it wasn’t like I could see a therapist here.
I mustered a smile at the thought of myself lying on a couch, talking about my 
problems to a professional with a clipboard. Then I looked back toward Elshire Forest, 
and my smile faded. A twinge of guilt bubbled up from my stomach for leaving them 
so hastily.
Lenna and her soldiers are better off with General Aya, since she can actually navigate 
within the forest, I reassured myself. After meeting up with the elven Lance, we 
exchanged our findings in-depth. We had decided that I was to report back to the 
castle while she remained as support until further orders from the Council.
We hadn’t decided that I couldn’t make a slight detour before reporting back to the 
castle, which is exactly what I was doing. I did send a brief report via a transmission 
scroll that Lenna had on hand to inform Virion of my plans, however.
The transmission scroll will give them enough to work off of and the information I 
learned from the Alacryan will be more useful here, I thought as I stared at the snowcapped peaks of the Grand Mountains jutting out of the clouds.
Even that high up, I could hear the distant echoes of battle raging beneath. Muffled 
explosions, the hum of magic, and the faint cries of various indistinguishable beasts 
resounded off the mountains, muddled by the screams and yells of the people fighting 
and dying.
I was nervous, although I couldn’t pinpoint why. The Lances rarely came to the Wall 
because there had yet to be any sightings of the retainers or Scythes. The day-to-day 
battles at the Wall were fought by mages and soldiers against corrupted beasts that 
mindlessly tried to charge through and break the defensive line.
I’d read many reports coming from the Wall and even made some changes to their 
fighting structure. Yet, this would be the first time I’d been there in person, even 
though the battles here happened almost daily. Below me, the war had made seasoned 
soldiers out of many new recruits who were still wet behind the ears—if they 
survived.
More importantly, this was where Tess and her unit were stationed. They were part of 
the assault division responsible for infiltrating dungeons, exterminating the corrupted 
beasts, and disabling any teleportation gates they could find. For each gate they 
located, thousands of Alacryan troops could be prevented from teleporting to 
Dicathen.
Reaching the Grand Mountains, I slowly descended through the sea of clouds until I 
got a full aerial view of the battle below. Streams and bolts of magic in various colors 
rained down from the Wall while soldiers below fought off hordes of beasts that had 
managed to live through the bombardment.
Some stronger beasts unleashed magical attacks of their own, but few such creatures 
had been brought to the front, and their might paled when compared to the collective 
efforts of all the mages at the Wall.
I continued my descent toward the Wall, studying the numerous types of beasts on the 
battlefield, when I sensed a spell approaching me from behind.
Looking back over my shoulder, I saw a blast of fire as large as my entire body shooting 
toward me.
I felt a twinge of annoyance as I swatted at the spell, dispersing it effortlessly, then 
completed my descent to the upper levels of the Wall.
Softening my landing with a cushion of wind, I found myself looking upon a crowd of 
kneeling soldiers.
Closest to me was a barrel-chested man clad in full armor that was dented and dirty 
from battle. He knelt a few feet ahead of me, his hand holding down the head of a man 
who looked only a few years older than me.
“General! My sincerest apologies for my subordinate’s grave blunder. As we had not 
received word that a Lance would be visiting the Wall, he assumed you to be an enemy. 
I will reprimand the fool and see to his punishment immediately,” he said. His voice 
wasn’t loud but carried a presence that showed he was a veteran just as clearly as his 
battered armor.
I pried my gaze off the man, who I assumed was the leader, and looked at the boy, 
whose head was still forcibly pushed down into a bow. He was trembling and had a 
white-knuckled grip on his staff.
It’s been a while since I’ve been treated like this, I mused, momentarily enjoying the 
sight of all those heads bowed in respect—and probably fear. This thought soured the 
moment, and I was suddenly weary of all the bowing and scraping.
I cleared my throat and walked toward the man who had spoken. “No need. I come 
unannounced and from the Beast Glades, so I can see how your subordinate thought I 
was an enemy.”
I paused, then bent down so my gaze was level with the conjurer that had fired the 
spell at me. “But, the next time you see an unidentified potential threat, you should 
immediately notify your superiors so that they can make the judgment call. 
Understood?”
“Un-understood, General!” He bolted upright into a salute, nearly clipping my chin in 
the process.
I turned back to the man I assumed to be the leader here and winked. “Name and 
position,” I stated, walking past him toward the stairs.
“Captain Albanth Kelris of the Bulwark Division.” He trotted close behind.
“Well then, Captain Albanth Kelris, let’s talk strategy.”
VIRION ERALITH
I took my customary seat at the table, a cushioned chair of gnarled wood, and cast a 
weary look at the two royal pairs, already poised like duelists, ready to lash out at each 
other; the only thing keeping the four of them silent was their respect for me.
In front of me was a transmission scroll with a message sent to me by Arthur, whose 
words were the subject of today’s meeting. A creeping suspicion that the boy had 
decided not to come straight back in order to avoid this very meeting bubbled inside 
my head, but I let it go with a sigh.
I forgive you, Arthur. I don’t want to be here either, I thought, gazing around the 
luxuriously decorated room just to avoid looking at the kings and queens before me.
A cozy fire was burning in the hearth and several light artifacts were set in gold 
sconces along the walls, giving the room a warm, friendly atmosphere—which was, 
admittedly, undercut by the subtle hostility emanating from those present inside.
The last rays of natural light from the window to my left dimmed as the sun dipped 
below the clouds. Resigned, I took that as my cue to start the meeting. “Take a seat. 
Let’s begin.”
There was a moment of silence while the rest of the Council looked at one another 
before the head of the Glayder family cleared his throat.
“Well, we’ve all been briefed on General Arthur’s and General Aya’s report, so I say we 
get right to it. I believe we should keep our forces as they are and send reinforcements 
to the Elshire Forest on an as-needed basis,” Blaine said. Despite the human king’s 
sunken cheeks, dark-ringed eyes, and unshaved jaw, all of which spoke to his own 
fatigue, he spoke resolutely.
I remained silent and neutral, as was my job until all sides had voiced their arguments.
“Councilman Blaine, your suggestion to send reinforcements on an as-needed basis to 
the border between the Beast Glades and the Elshire Forest suggests you don’t see the 
elven territory worthy of defending,” Merial intoned coldly.
Years of being part of the Council had shaped my once lively daughter-in-law into a 
sharp and cold diplomat.
“Oh, don’t twist my words, Councilwoman Merial,” Blaine rebutted. “The report stated 
two separate but coordinated attacks. This has been the enemy’s only foray into the 
elven territory. Compare that to the near-daily battles at the Wall. Shouldn’t it be 
obvious that protecting Sapin’s borders takes precedence?”
“No one is saying that the defense of the Elshire Forest should take precedence over 
Sapin,” Alduin said, composed. “However, much like how there are elven soldiers 
stationed at the Wall to help protect Sapin, there should be at least some form of 
consistent defense on the forest borders, don’t you think?”
“The Elshire Forest is a form of defense,” Priscilla Glayder added, pointing at the map 
laid out in front of them. “The mana-laden fog itself has been a form of deterrence to 
everyone but elves for as long as it has existed. Even the attacks attempted yesterday 
would have failed eventually if you chose to ignore the intruders. The Alacryans and 
beasts would’ve gotten lost and starved to death long before they reached any of 
Elenoir’s cities, even those closest to the border.”
“The forest itself is a part of the kingdom of Elenoir, and there are still tribes of elves 
housed outside of the cities,” Alduin stated, his voice growing louder. “By the same 
reasoning, Sapin would be better off abandoning the Wall and letting the small outpost 
cities near the border fall so that there is less land to protect.”
“That’s hardly an adequate comparison!” Blaine said incredulously, slamming his 
palms down on the round table. “The easiest path to Elenoir’s major population 
centers is through the northern range of the Grand Mountains, from Sapin. If Sapin 
were to fall, even just the outermost cities, the Alacryans could march their armies 
straight into the heart of your lands as well!”
“Watch your tone, Councilman,” Merial snapped, her bright blue eyes growing dark. 
“You act as though the elves are in your debt, yet we have sent plenty of mages to help 
your forces fend off the Alacryans. If even a fourth of those soldiers were assigned to 
guard the forest borders, this meeting would be entirely unnecessary.”
“The truth remains, Merial,” said Priscilla, her voice carefully cool, as if she could sooth 
the heated argument with just her tone. “While you can say that the Elshire Forest is 
part of your kingdom, no elven city, or even town, has seen battle. Until such a need 
grows, sending troops will only serve to weaken the Wall, where Dicathen faces 
continuous battle.”
Alduin rubbed the bridge of his nose, closing his eyes. When he opened them, his 
emerald eyes locked onto mine. “All we’re requesting is to recall some of our men back 
to Elenoir so that they can defend their home.”
“These soldiers are no longer your men. Did you forget? The Council was formed to 
unite the three races because we predicted an outside threat. Our job is to stay 
impartial and lead the entire continent to victory over the Alacryans, not just Elenoir,” 
Blaine rebutted before turning to face me. “I implore Commander Virion to remain 
impartial for the sake Dicathen, and all its people.”
“You talk of impartiality yet you’ve been single-mindedly focused on what’s best for 
your own kingdom!” Alduin argued, the tip of his ears turning red. “The purpose of 
this Council is to unite Elenoir, Sapin, and Darv so we are better able to protect one 
another, not so elven mages can shield Sapin while the enemy rampages through their 
home—and what of the dwarves? One third of this Council is missing, executed for 
treason for putting their own selfish desires above the well-being of the people, as I’m 
sure you remember—”
“Enough!”
Those present felt the palpable pressure that I pushed out through the room. Even 
Priscilla, with her core on the verge of turning silver, paled as she struggled against 
the weight of my intent.
“I’ve heard both sides, and before you further degrade yourselves by arguing like 
spoiled children, I would like to speak.”
Both Blaine and Alduin flushed with anger and embarrassment but remained silent.
I looked to each of them in turn, my expression sharp, before speaking again. “Based 
on the consistency of the attacks, Sapin remains the priority for the Alacryans. As 
Councilman Blaine mentioned, the easiest way to the major cities of both Sapin and 
Elenoir is through the northern range of the Grand Mountains, through the Wall. We 
will proceed under the assumption that the Alacryans know this as well, and will 
continue to prioritize the defense on that front.”
“That still doesn’t—”
Alduin’s jaw snapped shut as I released another pulse of mana.
“As for the defense of the southern borders of Elenoir, we’ll relocate several units of 
the Trailblazer Division to the dungeons nearest the border. If there is another 
incursion through the forest, they can resurface and act as additional support.”
The room remained tense, but everyone seemed satisfied—just barely.
“Good,” I nodded. “Now, as for the biggest issue: Our relationship with the dwarves has 
remained neutral at the best of times, and fallen into hostility due to the treasonous 
actions of their leaders. Even since the formation of the Council, the dwarven 
representatives have always had their own agenda and priorities, but I’m hoping that 
will soon change.”
I turned my head toward the door and everyone followed my gaze. After a moment of 
silence, I cleared my throat. “You can come in now.”
“Damn, I missed my cue!” a gruff voice said from the other side of the door.
I could feel a smile forming on my lips.
The ornamented knob shook harshly before the door flew open and a brawny dwarf 
with a thick white beard and a decorated robe—which seemed a few sizes too tight—
walked into the Council chambers.
With a childish grin, he took a seat in the empty chair closest to him before introducing 
himself. “Buhndemog Lonuid. Pleasure to meet y'all.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Walking down the never-ending flights of stone stairs, I was entranced by the bustle 
of activity all around us. I couldn’t help but think how misleading the name “the Wall” 
was—it was so much more.
Each flight of stairs led to a different floor within the Wall. The highest stories 
remained relatively minimal with reinforced metal and stone blocks continually being 
maintained by human and dwarven mages. Even now, I was able to see cracked stone 
blocks being temporarily filled by an ice mage while a team of dwarves were shaping 
a large metal beam. There were also teams of conjurers and archers stationed on these 
upper floors, responsible for keeping up the bombardment through the numerous 
embrasures.
Adjacent to the multiple staircases spanning the entire height of the Wall were dozens 
of pulleys that hauled arrows, provisions, and other supplies to the upper levels.
The sound of tools clashing against stone and steel fused with the constant shouting 
of instructions, rushed footsteps of soldiers and workers alike, and constant sounds 
of battle below.
“Please excuse the noise, General. I’ve been told it’s quite overwhelming for those that 
aren’t used to it,” Albanth shouted, his voice barely audible from the clamor.
“Overwhelming indeed,” I drew in a breath. “I regret taking this long to actually visit 
the Wall. It’s amazing!”
“Aye, it’s quite the marvel,” he said, waving at a few workers that saluted to him.
We continued our walk down the stairs until we reached a gate flanked by two soldiers 
standing guard.
“The floors from here on out are accessible to civilians as well,” Albanth explained, 
flashing a badge at the guards.
“Captain!” The guards saluted, but they eyed me uncertainly.
“Fools!” Albanth barked. “Were you taught to stare in the presence of a Lance?”
The armored guards’ eyes widened, their faces paling.
“General!” They immediately bowed in unison.
The captain scratched the back of his neck.“My apologies, General. Most of the soldiers 
here have never even seen one of the Lances.”
“It’s fine,” I said with a smile at the soldiers. “And a salute is enough.”
“Yes sir!” the soldier on the right replied, standing back upright in a salute.
His companion followed suit, staring at me with an awe-struck grin. “It’s an honor to 
meet one of the famed Lances!”
“Just open the gates,” Albanth sighed, shaking his head.
The guards scrambled to unclasp the metal bolts, and we continued our descent. By 
the next floor, my eyes were stinging and my nose burning. A bead of sweat ran down 
my cheek. “Is there a fire somewhere?”
“In a way, yes,” the captain said, tugging at the neckline of his gorget to allow some 
airflow under his armor. “We’re near our main forge.”
After another flight of stairs, the massive smithing operation opened up around us. 
Although the smoke was ventilated through narrow slits near the ceiling, the entire 
level was still filled with a dense, dark cloud. Oppressive heat radiated from several 
forges, each one manned by a team of blacksmiths and their assistants.
The forge was a complex machinery of smiths, workers, and mages interfacing with 
several different pieces of equipment. Some I recognized, but others were foreign to 
me. The manufacturing processes of my old world had left traditional blacksmithing 
behind long before I became king, but I was surprised by the intricacy of some of the 
equipment.
I watched as two smiths took turns rotating and manipulating a piece of glowing-hot 
metal, which was being repeatedly struck by a large wedge of iron that moved up and 
down within a solid framework nearly as large as Boo. The mechanism reminded me 
of an old steam-driven hammer, but I couldn’t see any piping that would deliver the 
required steam. Curious, I glanced around the back of the device and saw a thin, barechested mage using gravity magic to manipulate a counterweight, causing the hammer 
to rise and fall.
“Please bear with the heat for just a bit longer,” Albanth chimed in, drawing my 
attention away from the mana-powered hammer. “We’re almost there, General!”
I also spotted a handful of dwarven metal mages who molded ingots like putty. It was 
fascinating and somewhat unreal to watch the metal stretch, twist, and bend under 
their careful application of mana.
The farther we traveled down the more people there actually were. Aside from the 
soldiers and workers, there were a fair number of merchants and freelance adventurers 
present as well.
“There’s an entirely separate economy here,” I mused.
“Absolutely,” Albanth agreed, wiping the sweat from his face with his gloves. “Because 
there is no law mandating service for the war, we’ve set out rewards for adventurers 
who clock in time out in field. It’s easy money for them, and we get a consistent supply 
of able-bodied mages and fighters. There is occasional tension between the soldiers 
and the adventurers, but everyone here gets a belly-full of fighting without turning on 
each other, so it hasn’t become violent.”
“And the merchants are here because of the adventurers?” I guessed, surveying the 
lines of stalls and tents set up on the ground floor.
“Yes, sir. They’re restricted from operating in the main supply route, and they’re also 
taxed quite heavily for doing business here, but they still come in droves,” Albanth 
chuckled. “Always eager to make a coin—but without them, we’d suddenly have to 
worry about food, clothing, weapons, and entertainment for a few thousand 
mercenaries. We pay the adventurers, the adventurers spend their hard-earned coin 
with the merchants, and we collect the taxes to pay the adventurers. Everyone earns 
a living, and we all share a stake in the defense of the Wall.”
“Brilliant,” I echoed, nodding to a pair of guards who bowed deeply as we passed. It 
was a resourceful use of the pieces at hand, which spoke volumes about the senior 
captain in charge of the city-like complex.
Albanth led the way, easily maneuvering through the crowd on the ground floor, which 
seemed to instinctively part before us. “I’m sure flying down would’ve been much 
faster, but I hope this little tour helped you become familiar with the Wall.”
“I appreciate it, Captain Albanth.”
The captain smiled, his crow’s feet deepening.
We walked for several more minutes until we reached a quieter area. An unusually 
large canvas pavilion stood out against the mountainside, several mages standing 
guard around it. Albanth gestured toward it. “This is where the captains and heads 
hold their meetings. You came at a good time, since there’s a meeting going on right 
now. I was actually about to head down just as you arrived.”
“I’m glad I got here when I did, then—despite the fireball,” I replied.
“It’s constant excitement around here, I’ll tell you that,” he chuckled, flashing his badge 
once again at the guards. “Senior Captain Trodius is inside, along with the other 
captains and several heads.”
Trodius? I thought, vaguely recognizing the name from somewhere.
The guards opened the flap, and I followed Albanth inside. The interior was dominated 
by a large round table covered by a detailed map of what looked like the Beast Glades. 
On the map were several wooden figures shaped differently to indicate various 
positions of the dungeons and troops.
There were seven people seated around the table, all in battered armor and disheveled 
robes, and all leaned over the table, apparently in the midst of some discussion 
regarding the map.
At the far end of the circular table sat a man that I could only describe as the perfect 
image of a traditional gentleman. Handsome, with shiny black hair meticulously 
cropped, his uniform so well kept that it looked like it had been made just that 
morning. His eyes were sharp and deep-set, his irises glowing with a slight tint of red.
The man stopped mid-sentence upon noticing our arrival and stood up. He dipped his 
head toward me. “General Arthur Leywin.”
Upon hearing my title, the rest stood up and bowed as well. Captain Albanth saluted. 
“My apologies for being late.”
“Given the nature of your arrival, it’s of no consequence,” the man said, showing no 
emotion. “Please, have a seat and allow me to introduce myself. I am Trodius 
Flamesworth, senior captain in charge of the Wall.”
“Currently, there are five units in this region and another three farther east, based on 
their last transmissions,” the captain of the Trailblazer Division reported, pointing to 
the relevant markers with an outstretched finger.
Jesmiya Cruwer was the captain of Tessia’s unit. She moved and spoke with natural 
grace and authority, but there was also a fierce quality to the way she held herself; one 
hand always rested on the pommel of her saber, as if she was always ready to strike. I 
had imagined that the captain leading the Trailblazer Division into the dangerous 
wilds of the Beast Glades would be tough, but Captain Jesmiya appeared as though she 
could frighten away mana beasts with just a sharp look in their direction.
Trodius shifted his gaze from the map to a sheet of paper he was holding. “Captain 
Jesmiya, the log sheets for clearing the dungeons—how accurate is this timeline?”
Captain Jesmiya straightened her back before speaking. “Fairly accurate. Taking into 
account—”
“A week is too long,” the senior captain stated flatly, cutting her off. “The number of 
corrupted beasts attacking the Wall continues to grow. Four days for each dungeon, 
that’s all we can allow.”
“But sir!” Captain Jesmiya bolted up from her seat. “Rushing the expeditions to that 
degree will cause significantly more casualties. Some of these dungeons have never 
been cleared before, and extreme caution has to be taken or an entire unit can get 
wiped out!”
“That is an order, Captain Jesmiya Cruwer. The Wall is the last line of defense on the 
eastern border. If a soldier from your unit dies out in the Beast Glades, that soldier’s 
family isn’t in danger. However, if the number of beasts becomes more than this fort 
can handle, many more lives will be lost here, and those monsters—and the Alacryan 
mages controlling them—will move on unimpeded to the towns nearby.”
Captain Jesmiya’s expression as she returned to her seat was even more severe than it 
had been before. Captain Albanth, who had taken the chair nearest to Jesmiya, glanced 
nervously at her sword-hand, which still gripped the pommel of her weapon.
I learned that most of Albanth’s division comprised workers and blacksmiths 
responsible for the maintenance and construction of the Wall. He reported on the daily 
goings on, briefly listing off a series of repairs made, resources used, and supplies 
which required restocking.
I stayed silent as the two captains continued their reports to Trodius. The unit heads 
present in the meeting occasionally chimed in to give more detailed accounts when 
asked.
Trodius looked up from his notes. “And what is the progress on the new routes for our 
Trailblazer Division?”
“We’ve just finished securing the fourth tunnel. It’s the longest one yet, and the 
entrance is hidden in a small crevice along a riverbank. A team of earth mages is still 
reinforcing the tunnel, but it should be accessible to units within the week,” Albanth 
explained, drawing a line with his fingers to indicate the rough layout of the tunnel.
“Pull back a fourth of the workers and have them work nights instead,” Trodius 
instructed. “We were forced to flood another route just last week because its location 
had been compromised. Securing more underground routes is priority.”
The senior captain then turned back to Captain Jesmiya. “Are there new updates on 
finding any transportation gates?”
The captain shook her head. “We’ve only allocated a single unit to scouting for gates. 
I’ll need more time.”
“Teleportation gates?” I asked, my interest piqued.
“Yes,” Trodius answered, his red eyes shifting to me. “With the constant attacks on the 
Wall, the best way for our soldiers to access the Beast Glades is through our 
underground channels. However, with the new mode of transportation currently 
being built to connect the Wall to Blackbend City—a ‘train,’ I believe they’re calling 
it—we would have far easier access to the city’s teleportation gate. If we are able to 
locate and connect that gate to any gates hidden in the Beast Glades, then we can move 
troops without hours of marching through underground tunnels.”
My eyes focused on the map. “How are you certain that there are any teleportation
gates in the Beast Glades?”
“We’re not,” he replied matter-of-factly. “Which is why we’re expending only a limited 
amount of resources on the search. Several ancient texts make reference to gates 
hidden within the Beast Glades, but whether this is true or not remains a mystery.”
The teleportation gates were an interesting subject for me. Along with the floating 
castle and Xyrus City, the gates were a relic left behind by the mages of old. It was 
fascinating to me how these ancient mages used magic to do things the strongest 
mages of the present couldn’t even fathom replicating.
The stone arches engraved with indecipherable runes looked archaic, yet entire cities 
were built around them and relied upon them as modes of transportation. Modern 
artificers had unlocked how to connect teleportation gates to each other and change 
their destinations, but actually building one themselves was a distant dream.
“What method is the unit using to track down the gates?” I asked. “Assuming that you 
do not just have them blindly wandering around.”
A shadow of a smile passed over Trodius Flamesworth’s lips. “I prefer not to waste 
even the smallest of resources on ventures like that. The gates constantly emit a faint 
fluctuation of mana particles. Normally, this wouldn’t be detectable to even the best 
trackers, but these fluctuations occur throughout the whole spectrum of elements.”
“Interesting,” I said, thinking back to my time trying to track mana fluctuations in Darv. 
It was hard, but that was because I had blindly searched for any deviations in the 
ambient mana through Realmheart. To find fluctuations through all the elements, 
finding it would just be a matter of flying over… all of the Beast Glades.
Never mind, I thought. A waste of time considering there might not even be any gates.
My thoughts were interrupted by Trodius, who began putting away his notes. He spent 
a good few minutes meticulously organizing and perfectly stacking his piles of papers 
before meeting my gaze. “My apologies for your having to sit through this meeting.”
The senior captain stood up, motioning for the rest of the people present to leave, but 
I stopped him.
“It’ll be better for them to hear this as well,” I stated, still in my seat.
It didn’t take too long to explain what I learned from interrogating the Alacryan. By 
filling in some of the gaps with information I’d gained from Uto’s memories, I was able 
to give an in-depth analysis that had even Captain Jesmiya furiously scribbling on a 
piece of paper.
“Intriguing,” Trodius mused. “General, you say that the Alacryan mages have a very 
limited, specialized form of magic manipulation, but what is stopping a ‘Striker’—for 
example—from forming his mana into a ranged strike?”
“It’s as the senior captain says. I can’t exactly give this information to my troops only 
to have them injured or killed because a Striker launched a ranged spell or a Shield 
was able to conjure a mana blade,” Jesmiya added.
“I won’t tell you to be entirely confident in this information. Inform only the heads and 
have them observe. Our enemies use magic very differently from us, but that doesn’t 
always mean it’s better. Study and exploit the flaws,” I stated. “The Council will be 
expecting reports containing firsthand observations of these potential limits to our 
enemies’ abilities.”
The Council wasn’t actually aware of this information yet, but they would be soon, and 
they undoubtedly were going to want reports back.
Finally, I explained the rest of what I knew about the marks, crests, emblems, and 
regalias.
“Hopefully this information can give us an edge in the upcoming battles, assuming we 
can confirm its validity.” I stood up. “That’ll be all.”
I took my leave, not wanting to stay inside any longer than necessary. Throughout the 
entire meeting, I had paid careful attention to Trodius Flamesworth. I couldn’t help 
but resent the Flamesworth family after hearing firsthand from Jasmine how she was 
discarded by them.
I’d gotten to know Hester, Jasmine’s aunt, rather well during my training at the castle, 
which had somewhat eased my negativity toward her family as a whole. Hearing about 
the relationship between Jasmine and her father from Hester had focused my 
animosity on Trodius, but after meeting the man today, all I felt was a wary 
callousness.
In the end, I had come here as a Lance, not as Jasmine’s friend. Trodius may be a piss 
poor father, and he may be cold-hearted to a certain degree, but his leadership was 
solid.
After the quiet of the meeting pavilion, the Wall felt especially loud and busy. The 
ground wasn’t paved so a fine cloud of sand and dust constantly swirled in the air. 
Workers, caked in dirt and grime, mingled with merchants and adventurers, some still 
holding their shovels or pickaxes after being recently relieved from their shift. 
Vendors shouted out their products from tents and carts as the laborers, adventurers, 
and soldiers filtered through.
I saw mostly food and equipment useful to a life of constant conflict, but there were 
many vendors selling other things as well: silversmiths, gem cutters, potters, painters, 
sculptors, tailors, and more. Many families resided in the little makeshift city, and the 
stress of living here, on the very doorstep of the battle against the corrupted beasts 
flooding from the Beast Glades, certainly drove their desire for whatever creature 
comforts they could afford.
As if to emphasize this thought, a monstrous roar cut through the clamor of the market 
and the Wall, followed by a series of explosions. There was a lull in the market noise 
as every head turned toward the Wall. I blinked and the moment passed.
“Oy! Lad! Your shoes look mighty thin for someone in these parts,” a burly man in a 
leather apron called out. “Might I interest you in a pair of fine leather boots for your 
poor feet?”
The man waved his arm at an array of leather footwear displayed in wooden racks. 
Feigning interest, I leaned forward and touched a few of the boots that looked my size.
“Those ones all have a layer of compressed wool inside,” he said excitedly. “I swear, 
you’ll feel like you’re walking on a cloud.”
Curious, I slipped out of my thin turnshoes and pulled on a pair of the merchant’s 
boots.
I hopped a few times before taking them off. Placing them back on the rack, I gave the 
merchant a grin. “I’ve walked on a cloud before and this wasn’t quite the same. Nice 
shoes, though.”
It was somewhat surreal walking through the busy streets of the fortress. Dressed in 
a simple loose robe and carrying no weapon, very few people here recognized me, and 
I was able to explore without drawing attention to myself.
Life here required a certain stoicism from the residents. Even in the market, there was 
a subtle tension hiding under the surface. I could see it in the laborers’ quick steps and 
downcast eyes; in the short, businesslike exchanges between the merchants and the 
adventurers; but most of all, I could see it in the way everyone pretended like they 
weren’t afraid.
Chewing on a skewer of charbroiled meat that had the texture of chicken thigh, I 
stopped by every stall that caught my interest. Some contained more mundane items 
like cloth, furs, spices, and alcohol—which was unsurprisingly popular with the 
overworked soldiers and workers—but there were other, more interesting wares on 
display as well. A rapier-thin, mustachioed man was selling enchanted armor and 
weapons. One merchant tried very hard to get me to buy an enchanted handle that 
shot out a blast of fire and smoke from a small nozzle—mainly used for self-defense 
by weak nobles. He finally gave up when I conjured a sphere of fire from my finger, 
close enough to singe his bangs, and gave the man a wink.
As the sun began to set, I was considering my next move when a deep horn sounded 
in the distance.
The horn had sounded from beyond a large metal gate about twenty feet high.
I wonder what’s happening? I thought just as another horn blew.
Several uniformed workers marched off to the gate, so I followed. Chains rattled 
behind the stones as the gate rose with a groan, opening the way.
A crowd had already formed around the gate as carriages pulled by mana beasts began 
filing in, mages and warriors walking beside them with weapons unsheathed. Their 
exhaustion was evident in their postures and expressions, but the workers took over 
and started slowly unloading crates from the carriages. I stepped forward to get a 
better look when, out the corner of my eye, I saw my father.
I had known it was possible I might run into my parents at the Wall; I even anticipated 
it to a certain degree. But when I saw my father help my mother out of the carriage, I 
stopped in my tracks.
My feet remained anchored to the ground as I watched more familiar faces appear 
beside them: Jasmine, Helen, Durden, and Angela came into view one by one. The 
whole team still looked the same, though somehow incomplete without Adam.
My parents and the Twin Horns all wore the same exhausted and grim expressions, 
which matched their ragged appearance as they trudged through the gates alongside 
their carriage.
“Close the gates!” a soldier roared, and the towering gate rumbled to a close behind 
the last carriage.
More and more workers were arriving to offload carriages. Some unhitched the beasts 
pulling the carriages and led them away to be fed while others lined up and began 
passing out the boxed supplies to be sorted.
A soldier carrying a notebook began talking to the driver of the lead carriage. Imbuing 
mana into my ears, it was easy to hear their conversation even amidst the clamor.
“There are two less carriages than what was reported to have left from Blackbend,” 
the soldier said gruffly.
“We ran into a small team of Alacryan mages just a mile north of the southern border,” 
the driver said, taking off his dented and scraped helmet. “Lost two of my carriages to 
those bastards.”
The guard looked behind the wiry driver, studying the carriages, and then let out a
sharp breath. “After the carriages are unloaded and your men accounted for, come to 
the main tent. You’ll need to do a full debrief.”
The driver didn’t wait, already beginning to shed his layers of battered armor, which 
he dropped unceremoniously to the ground before walking back to his carriage.
The fact that the head of this expedition spoke of being attacked as if it was a common 
occurrence startled me; I had expected the Twin Horns’ guard duty to be relatively 
safe.
Without another thought, I plowed my way through the crowd, knocking aside men 
twice my height and weight with ease, until I reached my parents. I experienced a 
moment of nerves as my eyes met theirs; we had reconciled, but my relationship with 
them was no longer as innocent as it once was.
My mother’s mouth opened in surprise, and she looked like she was about to say 
something, but her weathered face melted into a soft smile.
“Arthur!” my father called out, dropping the sack he had slung over his shoulder.
I smiled back. “Hi, Mom. Hey, Dad.”
My father wrapped his thick arms around me, lifting me off my feet. My mother 
patiently waited for my father to release his embrace before she, too, pulled me in for 
a hug.
“It’s good to see you’re doing well,” she whispered, her face against my chest.
She was covered in a layer of dust from their travels, and she probably hadn’t had a 
proper bath in a while, but she still gave off a familiar scent that smelled like… home.
The Twin Horns came in next, unable to wait any longer. Durden took off his dirty 
cloak before giving me a hug. Helen and Angela squeezed me tightly, saying how much 
I had grown like aunts say to their nieces and nephews every time they visit.
“You got bigger,” Jasmine muttered with a half-smile as she tousled my hair.
“Are you sure you didn’t just get smaller?” I teased, pulling my old teacher and friend 
into a hug.
After letting go of Jasmine, my body turned, expecting one more embrace—but it 
would never come. That’s when it hit me—that Adam was really gone. The rude, harsh, 
and often selfish spear-wielder of the Twin Horns would never shoot me that snide 
smile of his ever again.
Gritting my teeth, I mustered another smile, and we left the workers and carriages 
behind, heading for the nearest inn.
We found a large, decrepit house that had the audacity to put up a sign advertising 
itself as the most popular inn for miles just a few blocks away. Because the inn served 
as a restaurant and bar as well, it was packed with workers and soldiers looking for a 
drink or a hot meal while getting away from the biting cold, which only got worse as 
night fell.
“It’s… it’s a L-Lance, in the flesh! Here at my inn! Oh my.” The owner of the inn, who 
happened to be working at the front desk, squirmed like a puppy as he tried to shake 
my hand, get our forms signed, and call a waiter for a table all at the same time.
“I’m just looking for a quiet dinner and a room for my family and friends,” I said with 
a smile.
“Of course, General Arthur! Jives, clear the patio seats upstairs! Hurry!” the old man 
barked at a surprised waiter.
“Looks like there are some benefits in knowing you after all,” Helen chimed in, nudging 
me with an elbow.
Durden looked back at the crowd of people currently waiting for a seat. “We probably 
would’ve had to wait for a while otherwise.”
We were led up a flight of spiraling stairs to a balcony that faced away from the Wall. 
Even on this side, the small city-like camp was enclosed by curtain walls, obscuring 
the view of the outside world. Still, I enjoyed being able to see the busy flurry of people 
down below.
There was a fire crackling in a metal furnace just beside our table for warmth and a 
plate of warm bread and some broth for us to start our meal with.
“How have you been, Arthur?” my mother asked after we settled around the table.
“I’ve been good,” I lied. It wasn’t as simple as that; so many things had happened since 
the last time we’d seen each other, but looking at my mother and father, I didn’t want 
to give them anything more to worry about.
My mother had aged significantly since the last time we met. After the comfortable life 
she had led in Xyrus, being out on the road with the possible threat of death looming 
around every corner was clearly taking its toll on her.
My father still cropped his hair short, but now also sported a full beard that covered 
most of his face. There were dark bags under his eyes, but he still had a lively expression.
“I can’t even feel your core anymore, Arthur,” my father added. “How strong have you 
gotten?”
“I hit white core not too long ago,” I smiled.
Helen let out a whistle and Jasmine nodded in approval.
My father smirked openly, looking from me to his friends. “My boy.”
As the food came and we continued to talk, some of the weariness and fatigue fell away. 
My mother smiled more, playfully reprimanding my father when he made a crude 
joke—just like old times.
It turned out that my parents still kept in touch with Ellie. It wasn’t as often as they 
wanted, but every time they got back to Blackbend City, they’d go out of their way to 
send a transmission to the castle.
“Really?” I replied, taking a bite out of a piece of grilled fish. “Ellie never told me about 
that.”
“Your sister is in her rebellious stage,” my father grumbled, shoving a hunk of brothsoaked bread in his mouth.
“She just replies with ‘I’m okay’ or ‘I’m alive’ most of the time,” my mother added, her 
voice laced with worry. “She’s okay, right? She’s eating well? She’s making friends?”
I set down my fork. “If you’re so concerned, why don’t you go visit the castle? I’m sure 
that’s what Ellie wants.”
“Security into the castle has tightened recently. Only heads and above have access to 
the teleportation gates there, and even they can only go on official business,” Helen 
explained, wiping her mouth with a cloth.
“I can take you myself. Sylvie’s not with me to fly us directly, but we can go to 
Blackbend together and make the jump to the castle,” I replied hopefully.
My parents looked at each other for a moment before looking back at me. In a 
reassuring tone, my mother said, “A new mode of transportation is going to be built 
underground. Once that’s made, we’ll be able to visit you and Ellie much more often.”
“That’s good and all, but I’ve heard reports that the journey from Blackbend is getting 
more and more dangerous. Ellie worries about you. I worry about you!”
My mother nodded. “I know, and I don’t blame you for your worries, or your frustration, 
but we have our duties here—people that need our help.”
“It’s not only your burden. There are other soldiers that can take your place.” My voice 
came out sharper than I had intended.
There was a moment of silence, then Angela suddenly sprang up. “Oh dear. Helen, we 
never took our belongings out of the carriage!”
Helen’s expression flowed from confusion, to realization, and finally to surprised 
worry. “Yeah, of course. Let’s get them before they get stolen. Come on, you two.”
Helen and Angela ushered a confused Durden and irritated Jasmine away with them. 
Angela looked back and gave me a meaningful glance before disappearing.
Whether the conjurer wanted to avoid the tension or just give our family some privacy, 
I didn’t know, but I was glad for the opportunity to have this conversation with my 
parents privately.
“Arthur,” my mother said, breaking the silence. “Our responsibilities here may not be 
on the scale of what you do as a Lance, but we are still doing our part to win this war 
and send everyone home that much faster.”
“You’re putting yourselves in danger,” I argued.
“Everyone is in danger while Dicathen is at war,” my mother replied. “Even you, 
Arthur.”
“Yes, but I can handle it,” I said angrily. I could feel my mana boiling just under the 
surface, eager to be unleashed, and I had to struggle to restrain it.
My father slapped down his utensils on the table. “Do you realize how hypocritical 
you’re being?” he said, scolding me like a child. “So you’re saying it’s fine for you to put 
yourself in danger, as long as Ellie, Alice, and I are locked away someplace safe? 
Abandoning our responsibilities to our kingdom?”
“I’m fighting this war to protect you, but I can’t be next to you all the time. What if 
something were to happen to you or Mom while I’m on a mission? Even Ellie… the 
whole reason she’s been so engrossed in training is because she wants to join you! 
What if she dies, too—like Adam?”
“Enough, Arthur!” my father snapped. He got up from his seat and stared at me fiercely. 
“Keeping my family safe is my priority, but I also want my family to live happily. That’s
why we’re doing this. Dicathen may not have been your only home, Arthur, but it’s the 
only home that we know, and if that means dying so that Ellie can live in a better future, 
then so be it.”
My father stormed off and my mother followed. She looked back at me solemnly but 
didn’t say anything.
I sat alone in silence for a moment before getting up from my seat. Reaching into my 
robe, I pulled out several gold coins, which I left on the table, then flew off the balcony.
My mind muddled with emotions, I made my way to a ledge of rock high up in the 
mountain adjacent to the fortress from where I could look down on the Wall. I let the 
sharp winds bite into my skin, enduring the discomfort as punishment for my foolish 
anger toward my parents.
I did all I could to avoid rethinking the conversation. I wanted to shoot down a few 
corrupted beasts as an outlet for my feelings, but the night was quiet. Enhancing my 
vision with mana, I started counting the torches along the Wall and the number of 
archers and mages stationed atop it. I pretended not to notice a pair of soldiers behind 
a wooden pillbox spending their night a bit more passionately. Obviously they had not 
expected anyone to be looking down from above the Wall.
After I ran out of things to count, I peered out into the darkness on the other wide of 
the Wall, trying to sense any prowling mana beasts. I didn’t find any mana beasts, but 
I did sense someone approaching me from below.
“There… you… are,” a voice drifted up from below a few minutes later. A hand shot up 
into view, grabbing hold of the ledge I was sitting on.
I pulled Jasmine up by her arm. The adventurer leaned back against the mountain cliff 
and took time to catch her breath before speaking again. “You should have some 
respect for those who can’t fly.”
I knew Jasmine was trying her best to be lighthearted. I smiled. “Sorry about that. How 
did you find me, anyway?”
Jasmine straightened her posture and looked at me with one brow raised. “Don’t 
underestimate your mentor.”
“I never have,” I said, chuckling.
The two of us sat in silence for a while. A cloud blew in on the gusting wind, blacking 
out the stars above.
“How long have you been at the Wall?” she asked, shivering.
I wrapped us both in a layer of fire-imbued mana to keep the cold at bay. “Just a few 
hours before you all arrived.”
“Thank you,” she muttered. Then, not meeting my eye, she asked, “Did you get the 
chance to meet my father?”
“I walked in on their meeting,” I answered. “Have you seen him?”
Jasmine shook her head. “Not once, despite the many trips back and forth.” Frowning, 
she glanced at me. “Looks like we both have family problems now.”
“Seems like it.”
Another moment of silence passed before she spoke again.
“I won’t pry into what happened at the inn. I just… you need to know that your parents 
do care about you and Ellie. Whenever your father meets anyone new, he always tells 
them about how his son is a Lance, how proud he is… it’s kind of annoying, actually.”
I smiled despite myself. “I know that they care.”
“Rey—and especially Alice—they both feel a lot of guilt. No matter how much we told 
them otherwise, the fact that they weren’t there to help us when Adam died made 
them feel like it was their fault.”
Jasmine continued speaking when I didn’t reply. “You know what happened with your 
mother before she had you. She was traumatized after Lensa, and for a while, she could 
hardly bring herself to use her magic for anything more than a scrape or bruise.”
“I know,” I said, flicking a stone with mana and sending it arcing out into the darkness. 
“Which is why I thought they would stay at the castle until the war was over, not throw 
themselves into the middle of the battle by traipsing back and forth through 
dangerous lands, fending off attacks and… and—”
Jasmine put a hand on my arm. “I’m not sure if this makes sense, but I think what 
they’re doing now to contribute to this war is as much for themselves as it is for you 
and Ellie. They’re trying to overcome their past mistakes and their fears so they can 
become better parents for the both of you.”
“I know I was being selfish, too,” I admitted. “I think all three of us need some time to 
adjust.”
“Just don’t let your relationship with your parents become like me and my family,” she 
said tersely. “I’m sure there was a time when we could’ve reconciled, but I chose to 
keep running, and my father’s pride kept him from reaching out, from apologizing…”
I turned to Jasmine, who was sitting down on the cold stone and hugging her knees. 
She didn’t look like she had aged a single day since I had first met her—except her 
eyes, which held a deep wisdom at odds with her youthful appearance. “Thanks, 
Jasmine.”
“You better be thankful. My jaw is sore from all this talking.”
Despite her words, we kept talking. We exchanged war stories like a couple of grizzled 
old veterans. I told her a little about my time with the asuras and recounted the true 
story of how I’d defeated the Vritra retainer, Jagrette, and she shared the exploits of 
the Twin Horns. The highlight of the night was Jasmine’s disbelieving expression when 
I told her that Sylvie had a human form now, but I wasn’t entirely sure that she really 
believed me. Either way, we enjoyed each other’s company well through the night.
“I should get back now,” Jasmine said as the first moments of the sunrise cast a halo 
around the mountains.
“Do you need a lift down?”
She shook her head. “Going down is the easy part.”
“Thank you,” I said, smiling. “For everything.”
She just nodded and patted my head.
I watched her hop down the side of the mountain, a gale of wind surrounding her and 
softening each landing, until she was out of sight.
The castle appeared overhead, standing out against the solid gray sky. Rain had yet to 
form within the thick clouds, but moisture still clung to my skin and soaked into my 
clothes, and I could feel the dense water mana surrounding me as I neared the flying 
structure’s base.
Soldiers on flying mounts guarded the floating fortress, and several encircled me as I 
approached.
“General Arthur!” they shouted, saluting in unison before guiding me to the landing 
dock.
I nodded tersely at the squad before touching down. My eyes turned unconsciously 
back toward the Wall, though it was far too far away to see, then the gates rolled shut.
The dock workers, who were in charge of keeping the dock functioning and properly 
warded against potential attack, stopped what they were doing and immediately 
scrambled to salute me.
“Proceed with what you were doing,” I stated, motioning them away.
I continued walking, thin wisps of steam rising from my wet clothes, until I spotted 
two familiar girls. I broke into a smile at the sight of them.
Ellie stood tall, her chestnut eyes glowing with confidence. Her ash-brown hair, which 
flowed down just past her shoulders, was a sore reminder of our father.
Standing next to my sister was another girl. She looked a bit younger than Ellie, but 
her glimmering yellow eyes radiated a sense of maturity. A curtain of pale, wheat 
blonde hair draped over her slender figure, which was shrouded in a black dress that 
shined like fine obsidian. Matching her attire were two jagged horns that jutted out 
from the side of her small head.
Ellie waved before trotting happily toward me with Sylvie in tow. My bond took 
hesitant steps, but her movements had become much more fluid in the few days we’d 
been apart.
“Welcome back,” my sister said. “Seeing as how your entire body is drenched, let’s just 
pretend like we hugged.”
“No way, I want the real thing,” I said deviously before pulling my sister into my arms.
“Gah! I just bathed!” she protested, struggling to escape my grasp.
After soaking my sister to a satisfying degree, I let her go, turned to my bond, and 
tousled her hair, which felt almost sharp to the touch. “I see that my fearsome dragon 
is growing up to be a healthy young girl.”
Despite my joking tone, Sylvie’s large eyes narrowed and she regarded me with 
concern.
We’ll talk about it later, I sent to her, certain she felt my lingering distress.
My bond forced an awkward smile and patted my arm. “Welcome back.”
“It’s good to be back,” I said to both of them.
“So, how was your mission? I want to hear all about it,” my sister asked, bouncing on 
the balls of her feet in excitement.
As Ellie improved her skills in magic and archery, I could tell she yearned more and 
more to be out on the field and to prove herself.
“I’ll tell you all about it later,” I promised. “But first, I need to report to the Council.”
After conjuring a wave of heat to dry myself off, the three of us left the crowded room, 
which had become uncomfortably silent due to my presence.
“I broke into light red stage while you were gone,” my sister declared proudly as we 
walked through the castle halls. “That—and my daily training regimen with Boo—
probably makes me a pretty competent conjurer for my age. Even Commander Virion 
complimented me on my skills, saying that I might be able to skip the mandatory 
training for the soldiers.”
Every time my sister brought up her enthusiasm in joining the ranks of the army, I felt 
immediately inclined to stop her. This time, though, I gave her a friendly smile and 
nodded—the most supportive response I could give.
Meanwhile, Sylvie walked silently beside me, her concentration still on the action of 
walking bipedally. I could feel mana practically bursting out of her small form as she 
used magic like a crutch until she had full control over her body.
Still, Sylvie’s acclimation to her human form had vastly improved since the last time I 
had seen her, which had been just a few days earlier. I could tell she was pushing 
herself so she could join me on missions as soon as possible.
“You know, Princess Kathyln has been really helpful too. She’s been sparring with me 
and helping me out with some of the intricacies of mana manipulation,” my sister 
chattered on, skipping ahead, then walking backward to face me as she talked.
“Oh, really? You know I can always help out with teaching you magic when I’m free,” I 
replied. “I was an official professor at Xyrus Academy, after all.”
“For, like, a semester,” my sister responded with a smirk.
I waved her snide comment away. “A professor is a professor.”
“Thanks for the offer, but I feel like learning from you will just discourage me.”
“What?” I blurted, surprised. “Why would you be discouraged?”
“I know we’re five years apart, but we still share the same blood,” she answered, 
turning around so her back was to me as she walked properly. “Seeing as how you’re 
already a white core mage on top of being a quadra-elemental, I’d just start comparing 
myself to you if you tried to teach me magic.”
My sister’s words hit hard, but it was her tone of subdued acceptance that hurt the 
most, and I found myself staring at Sylvie in hopes that she had a way to solve the mess 
I had just created.
My bond raised a brow at me before walking up to match pace with my sister.
Sylvie patted Ellie on the shoulder. “It’s okay. Your brother’s talent is considered an 
anomaly even amongst asuras. Don’t compare yourself to a freak like him.”
“Freak is a bit much, isn’t it?” I asked, scratching the back of my neck.
My sister looked back over her shoulder with a smirk. “No no, I think ‘freak’ describes 
you perfectly in this regard.”
We reached the meeting room, having parted ways with my sister. I wanted some more 
time to talk with my bond—about the changes in her body now that the seal had been 
broken, but also about obligations that had to be fulfilled.
As we approached, the guards standing on either side of the entrance clicked their 
heels together and saluted before letting us in.
Sitting directly in view of the entrance was Virion, who turned eagerly in our direction. 
His face lit up as he rose from his seat. “Arthur, you’ve finally arrived!”
“Commander,” I said. Sylvie opted for a slight dip of her head.
“Sit,” he motioned, his eyes sweeping the room, a grin on his weathered face.
I turned to see what he was looking at: The rest of the Council was seated at the table, 
along with one familiar face I hadn’t expected.
Twiddling his beard—and looking bored out of his mind—was the dwarf Buhndemog 
Lonuid, my former magic teacher.
“Ho, if it isn’t the young Lance,” he said flatly.
“I see the meetings have taken a toll on you,” I replied with a grin that mirrored 
Virion’s.
“Never has my ass been so sore since the days I got whipped by my mother as a child,” 
he groaned, stretching his stout body.
I let out a laugh and turned my attention to the rest of the Council.
“Councilmen,” I greeted with a respectful nod. “Councilwomen.”
“General Arthur,” Priscilla Glayder replied. “You’ve come at a good time.”
“Yes,” Blaine agreed. “We were awaiting your return to continue discussing your 
report.”
“Arthur!” Alduin Eralith exclaimed, his expression warm. “Take a seat, you two.”
“Welcome back,” Merial Eralith chimed in with a warm smile, a sense of gratefulness 
in her voice.
“Thank you,” I replied. I walked past the former king and queen of Elenoir, taking a 
seat next to Buhnd. Sylvie sat beside me, her feet dangling from the too-large chair.
Virion returned to his own seat and rolled up the transmission scroll. “Seeing as the 
rest of the Lances are out on missions, we’ll proceed with the meeting, but before we 
say anything, I’d like General Arthur to give a full debrief on what happened at the 
border of the Elshire Forest.”
I took a sip from the glass of water in front of me as I gathered my thoughts, then 
launched into a thorough retelling of all that had happened, including my interrogation 
of the Alacryan mage and everything I learned from him. It took the better part of an 
hour to get the Council and my bond up-to-date.
“It seems we’ve been underestimating the Alacryan mages’ abilities,” Virion replied 
thoughtfully.
“Underestimating?” Blaine furrowed his brows in confusion. “If anything, learning that 
those Alacryan bastards are so limited and specialized in their magic makes me think 
we’ve been overestimating them.”
“I have to agree with Councilman Blaine on this one,” Alduin added. “I think this is a 
clear weakness in their fighting tactics.”
“I don’t think it’s as simple as that,” Buhnd argued, rubbing his beard in thought.
“On the surface, their specialization might be seen as a weakness,” Virion agreed. “But 
from what General Arthur found out, their method of awakening and training in magic 
seems a lot more advanced than ours.”
“How so?” Merial asked curiously.
Buhnd spoke up again, a tinge of excitement in his voice. “This is me just speculating 
at this point, but with the system of marks and crests and whatnot, the mages of 
Alacrya seem to be hyper-focused on a spell and its alterations and evolutions. That 
means, while mages of Dicathen focus on various spells of their attributed element, or 
elements”—he looked at me—“these Alacryan mages spend their lives honing a single 
spell and building off only that.”
“What Elder Buhnd says adds up, considering what I’ve seen on the field,” I added. 
“One of the ‘Strikers’ I battled against only used one spell, but from the cast time to 
the durability and potency of the magic, I had thought he was around the level of a 
yellow core. And these specialized mages work in small teams to negate their 
weaknesses. I’d say that only our veteran mages of light-yellow core or higher could 
actually exploit these ‘limitations.’”
“Duels are one thing; on the front line, versatile mages aren’t as useful as specialized 
soldiers who are damn well good at one thing,” Buhnd concluded grimly.
“We need to send this information to our captains—as well as the guilds and military 
academies—so they can develop better ways to fight against these ‘specialized 
mages,’” Blaine grumbled in frustration.
“I already stopped by the Wall and told the captains there,” I said, looking at Virion.
“Good. Now let’s discuss plans on how to best deploy our forces,” Virion said heavily. 
“I had originally hoped to discuss this with Lord Aldir, but since the asuras have ceased 
contact with us, well—”
The mention of Aldir and the asuras caused a sharp throb in my chest, and I wanted 
to share what Agrona had told me right then and there, but I held my tongue.
This discussion won’t get far if I say it now, I thought.
‘You’ll need to tell everyone eventually,’ Sylvie sent back. ‘But maybe once this discussion 
is over.’
True to my expectations, the meeting had soon devolved into a full-blown debate as 
the members of the Council argued with one another about where the soldiers and 
mages were most needed. The main problem was that there was just too much ground 
to cover, and the Alacryans had so far kept their goals nearly unreadable. From the
battles so far, we knew that that the Alacryans were investing heavily in breaching the 
Wall, which would allow the corrupted beasts to run wild across Sapin’s easternmost 
cities.
The Alacryans had also been able to utilize the dwarven tunnels throughout the 
Kingdom of Darv to transport their forces from the southern coast all the way to the 
Darv–Sapin border. From what Buhnd told us, there seemed to be a faction of radical 
dwarves so discontent with their positions and lives in Dicathen that they actually
wanted the Alacryans to take over, expecting they would then be set above the humans 
and elves in this new social order. Buhnd made it clear that he and his loyalists were 
taking charge of eradicating this faction and would do so as soon as possible.
What’s more, there were still Alacryan ships being sighted all along the western 
shores, which forced coastal cities like Telmore, Etistin, and Maybur to build defenses 
on not only the eastern side—in case the Wall didn’t hold—but their western borders 
as well.
The Council had reasonably concluded that the brunt of the Alacryan assault would 
target Sapin, but my last two missions proved otherwise. Towns as far north as Ashber, 
from which the enemy could easily reach the Grand Mountains or several of Elenoir’s 
most populous cities, had Alacryans hidden within them.
We had thought that their goal was to march south and join their allies coming in from 
the western shores, but considering the recent incursions into elven territory from the 
Beast Glades, the Alacryan troops up north could actually have been heading east 
toward Elenoir.
Alduin’s and Merial’s main concern was, naturally, the defense of the elven kingdom, 
while Blaine and Priscilla continued to argue against sending troops into Elenoir, 
which would spread thin the already strained forces stationed around Sapin.
Buhnd and his forces, with the assistance of General Mica, were largely focused on 
clearing away any surviving Alacryans within Darv and managing their own civil 
dispute with the radicals, and so were able to provide little in the way of additional 
support to either kingdom.
Throughout the debate, I could tell Virion was trying to remain neutral and let the 
kings and queens work through the problem. He was silent throughout the entire 
meeting, which took us well into the night, and only provided his strategic guidance 
when discussing specific combat scenarios.
“This is why I wanted to wait until Lord Aldir was here!” Blaine huffed. “He would 
know that it’s foolish to spread our forces even thinner than they already are.”
“Commander Virion, you mentioned that Elder Camus had gone back to Elenoir after 
my training with him was over,” I said, ignoring the former king of Sapin.
“Yes, his latest transmission scroll placed him in the northern city of Asyphin.”
“Does he know about the attacks coming from the Beast Glades?”
“He was made aware, of course,” Virion said, understanding where I was going. 
“Perhaps we could recruit him to assist in surveying the southern border for any 
suspicious movement.”
“The Elshire Forest spans hundreds of miles. No matter how powerful Elder Camus is, 
he’s just one man,” Merial rebutted.
“And General Aya,” Virion added, turning to Blaine and Priscilla. “If your two Lances 
remain in Sapin, is it acceptable that I keep a Lance in Elenoir? She can be pulled back 
if absolutely necessary—and we still have General Arthur.”
Blaine looked like he was about to say something, but Priscilla intervened. “That’s 
acceptable.”
“It’ll have to do—as a temporary solution,” Alduin stressed, catching Virion’s eye. “If 
these attacks on Elenoir escalate, we’ll need to send troops capable of navigating 
through the forest to defend it.”
“Don’t sugarcoat it, Alduin. Just say you’ll take the elves back, because defending 
Elenoir is more important to you than defending all of Dicathen,” Blaine snapped.
“Enough!” Virion barked, glaring around the table. “If that’s all, we’ll end the meeting 
here—”
“Actually,” I interrupted, “there is one more topic on the agenda that we should address 
as soon as possible.”
“Oh? And what is that?” Virion asked. There was an air of nervous curiosity at the table 
as the others waited for me to continue.
I looked at Sylvie and she met my gaze with a resolute expression. Letting out a deep 
breath, I began. “It’s about the absence of Aldir and the asuras…”
The meeting room had fallen eerily silent by the time I finished reporting what Agrona 
had told me—minus a few details. I spoke freely about his enmity toward the Indrath 
Clan for belittling him, and how he had managed to increase the ratio of mages among 
the Alacryans with his experiments. I withheld some information that I wasn’t ready 
for the Council to know, like the fact that he not only knew I was reincarnated into this 
world, but also knew who I was in my past life.
Making my conversation with Agrona seem more like a unilateral declaration from the 
Vritra leader for us to surrender allowed me to explain that the asuras had tried using 
our war as a distraction and had attacked the Vritra in Alacrya… and had failed.
Virion swore loudly, slamming his hands down on the table. The commander’s usually 
controlled expression was twisted into a scowl and the tips of his pointed ears turned 
red. “Those conceited sons of—as if it wasn’t bad enough that they used us and this 
war for their own purposes, they didn’t even succeed!”
Virion rose from his seat and began pacing, muttering curses under his breath. The 
others, stunned into silence by either my revelation or Virion’s outburst, exchanged 
glances but did nothing to interrupt. Finally, he looked back at me. “Arthur. What else 
did Agrona say in his message?”
“Just that Epheotus’s attack on Alacrya failed. Agrona leveraged the failed assault to 
further dissuade the asuras from taking part in this war—by demanding the asuras in 
Epheotus cut off all communications with us,” I answered.
Virion gnashed his teeth but remained silent.
“At least that explains why we haven’t seen more Scythes and retainers yet,” Buhnd 
chimed in. The dwarven elder seemed the least shaken by my news; he had never 
actually met the asuras in the first place. “Agrona must’ve kept his strongest soldiers—
the Scythes, retainers, and whatever the hell these basilisks are—in Alacrya in case 
something like this happened.”
“That makes sense,” Merial replied, her brows furrowed in thought. “But that leads us 
to the next question: Are we to expect the rest of Agrona’s Scythes and their retainers 
to come to Dicathen now that the asuras of Epheotus have attacked them and failed?”
The atmosphere in the room grew heavy, as if a weighted blanket had been thrown 
over top of us.
“I’m sure this battle between Epheotus and Alacrya wasn’t as one-sided as Agrona led 
Arthur—and all of us—to believe,” Alduin responded.
“That’s right. I’ve experienced Lord Aldir’s power firsthand! No way Alacrya turned 
back a full-blown assault by the asuras of Epheotus without experiencing some 
casualties themselves. Hell, their home might be in shambles right now!” Blaine added, 
speaking as if he was trying to convince himself rather than the rest of us.
“That’s all sunshine and peaches, but from my experience, nothing good comes from 
expecting the best in situations like this,” Buhnd added grimly.
“He’s right,” I agreed. “We should assume that both retainers and Scythes are headed 
this way.”
“The gates the Alacryans hid down in the dungeons of the Beast Glades,” Merial 
suddenly exclaimed. “What if the retainers and Scythes are already here?”
“According to Captain Trodius’s reports, there hasn’t been a teleportation gate sighting 
in months, not since the last one was destroyed,” Priscilla answered. “From what I 
gathered, the constructs were of poor design and failed after only a few Alacryan 
troops made it through. One soldier witnessed only half of an Alacryan mage coming 
through a portal before it broke, and that mage died within seconds. Right now, the 
Trailblazer Division is mainly wiping out corrupted beasts and their controllers before 
they’re able to make it up to the surface.”
“That adds up, from what I’ve seen,” I muttered, recalling how even the Scythe, Seris 
Vritra, had arrived via teleportation gates within the Kingdom of Darv before traveling 
by land through Sapin.
“We’ll just have to hope that’s true,” Virion said, still pacing.
“Then are we to expect them to arrive from the western coast by ship?” Blaine asked, 
his face pale. “If that’s the case, no amount of wall-building is going to make a 
difference.”
As the Council continued discussing the possibilities, my mind shifted to my previous 
life. Although it was rare that disputes between countries would escalate into wars 
rather than Paragon Duels, Lady Vera was very thorough in her lessons on warfare, 
despite the rarity of full-scale armed conflict. We went through endless rounds of 
strategic board games, and I was sure there were lessons to be pulled from that 
experience, but a loud clap drew my attention away from my thoughts.
“While we have a lot to think about, I suggest we take time to rest. Rested minds think 
more clearly than those that are tired and overtaxed,” Virion said in a defeated tone. 
“We’ll meet back here at sunrise.”
I looked out the window to see that night had fallen and quickly calculated just how 
much time I had to finally rest.
Not enough, I thought, walking out of the room behind Buhnd.
The dwarven elder let out a groan as he stretched his back, muttering, “I wonder if it’s 
not too late to just throw myself out into the field and fight the enemy face to face 
instead of from behind a meeting room table.”
Sylvie and I walked to our room in silence, not needing words to feel the tension we 
each carried.
After shedding everything but my inner shirt and trousers, I sank down into the couch. 
My vision glazed over, hardly focusing on anything as my mind went blank. A subtle 
movement from Sylvie caught my eye, though, and I turned to watch as her simple 
black dress swirled around her as if alive. Sleeves formed while her dress elongated 
until it dangled loosely around her ankles. It had turned into a nightgown.
“How’d you do that?”
“I can mold my scales into clothes in this form,” she said quietly, transforming the 
bottom half of her gown into pants to prove her point.
“What else can you do?” I asked, leaning forward in my seat.
Sylvie sat down on the couch across from me. “So far, I’ve been focusing mostly on how 
to function in this bipedal form. Apart from the lack of stability these silly legs provide, 
though, I have to admit that I’ve begun to understand why the asuras choose to stay in 
this form.”
“Oh? Do tell,” I said, leaning back into the couch and getting comfortable. It felt good 
to be chatting with my bond like the weight of our entire continent’s future wasn’t 
resting on our shoulders.
“Mana manipulation—and even using aether—is easier in this form,” she acknowledged, 
curling and uncurling her fingers.
“Interesting,” I replied. “So, what are your magic capabilities like now that the seal is 
broken?”
“Because the Indrath Clan are aether users, most of my mana manipulation abilities 
focus on strengthening my body,” she answered. “But I am able to dispel a large 
amount of my mana at once.”
Suddenly, mana began gathering into her open palm, casting a bright light all around 
the room. The light artifacts hanging from the walls and ceiling flickered and dimmed.
My eyes widened as the orb of concentrated mana grew in size. “Sylvie? Please don’t 
destroy this room—or this castle.”
My bond’s stoic face broke into a smile as she looked at me. “Is the mighty Lance scared 
of a little girl now?”
“Those jagged horns kind of negate the ‘little girl’ thing,” I said uneasily, scooting 
farther into my seat as the charged sphere of mana pulsed with power. “But seriously
—you still stumble over your own feet, Sylv. Let’s not endanger everyone in the castle.”
The glowing orb slowly faded, dissolving into tiny particles. Sylvie let out a deep 
breath. “I’m glad that I was able to break the seal since I’ll be more useful out in the 
field, but there’s a part of me that feels foreign now.”
“Well, you are still getting used to your human form,” I said, trying to comfort her.
Sylvie shook her head. “It’s not like that. It’s more… internal, like there’s much more 
to my abilities than I thought before.”
“Well. You’ll have a lot of opportunity for self-discovery. You heard what they said in 
the meeting; things are only going to get more hectic.”
“At least we’ll have one another to count on,” she said resolutely. “Once I have better 
control of this form, I feel that the two of us defeating a Scythe isn’t impossible.”
“‘Isn’t impossible,’” I echoed with a laugh. “Not the best of odds, but much better than 
before.”
“Maybe we’ll have some time to spar before going on a mission,” Sylvie said hopefully. 
“I’d like to test out the extent of my control over aether in this form.”
“We’ll be lucky if we can actually get a good night’s sleep without being disturbed,” I 
said with a yawn. Dragging myself up off the couch, I crossed the room and flopped 
into bed.
I would have liked to stay up and talked with my bond more. Sylvie attaining a human 
form made it seem as if I’d just gotten another younger sister—albeit one with large, 
intimidating horns. But I could already feel sleep overtaking me—
‘Speaking of sisters,’ Sylvie chimed in, reading my thoughts, ‘wasn’t Ellie waiting for us?’
“She’s probably asleep by now,” I mumbled, slurring my words as my drowsiness 
began taking hold of me.
‘I’m not so sure about that, Arthur. Ellie’s been looking forward to having you back… 
however briefly that might be.’
“I’ll—try to spend time with her—tomorrow,” I replied, about to fall asleep. My eyes 
snapped open a moment later when a firm knock on my door startled me awake.
“What?” I snapped, annoyance practically oozing out of my voice.
“I apologize for the disturbance, General Arthur, but I have a message from Commander 
Virion to meet him in the dungeon,” a deep voice recited from behind the door.
I shut my eyes, refusing to part ways with the fluffy, feather-stuffed pillow molding to 
the shape of my head. This is just a dream, Arthur. No need to get back up.
“General Arthur?”
With a growl, I rolled out of bed and put on a robe. “Come on, Sylv. Let’s go.”
‘Must I?’ she sent back, not even bothering to speak. ‘I just made myself comfortable, 
and the guard only asked for you.’
“Traitor,” I grumbled, heading toward the door.
I followed the guard along the dim hallway, going down several flights of stairs until 
we reached the lower levels of the castle.
“Did Commander Virion provide any details about why he wanted to see me?” I asked.
“My apologies, but no sir. I’m afraid not.”
We continued in silence until we reached the reinforced doors leading down into the 
dungeon. The members of the Council, still in their sleepwear, were standing before 
the door looking as if they, too, had been pulled from their beds with no notice and no 
explanation.
Another figure, which stood right in front of the door, was a hulking man a head taller 
than Blaine and twice as wide. It took me a moment to recognize him as the assistant 
to the old man who was in charge of interrogating the prisoners.
“Arthur, do you know what this is about?” Buhnd asked as the guard and I approached, 
not trying to hide his annoyance.
I jerked a thumb toward the guard. “I came here because this guy told me Virion called 
for me.”
“We just arrived as well. What is going on?” Alduin asked nervously.
“I called for you all because this man”—Virion turned back to face Gentry’s assistant—
“What was your name again?”
“Duve,” the burly man grunted.
“Because Duve said that Gentry finally got one of the prisoners to talk,” Virion finished.
“Who? The retainer?” Priscilla asked, her arms crossed.
“I’m not sure,” Virion replied, glaring at the burly man.
“And where’s Gentry now?” I asked, looking behind the interrogator’s assistant as if 
the old man might be hiding in his shadow. “Shouldn’t we go inside instead of waiting 
out here?”
“Master Gentry will be here soon,” Duve replied, standing his ground.
Hardly a minute passed, but my patience was growing dangerously thin when the 
dungeon door slid open and the hooked-nose elder trudged out.
“Gentry!” Blaine barked. “What exactly is going on?”
“My apologies to the Council and General Arthur. I was just finishing up the 
maintenance on the retainer’s restraining system when he called for me. Still, I didn’t 
want to take even the smallest of chances of my beloved prisoner breaking free while 
we were all down there,” Gentry said, cleaning his wrinkled hands on a cloth.
Virion’s eyes widened, and he eagerly pressed the interrogator for details. “What did 
the retainer say? Did you finally break him? Tell us!”
“Unfortunately, no,” Gentry rasped.
“Then why did you feel the need to drag us down here at this godforsaken hour?” 
Merial demanded, her eyes narrowed.
Gentry let out an uncomfortable cough before speaking again. “I have yet to break the 
retainer, but the traitor, Rahdeas—I think that was his name—has finally spoken.”
“What did he say?” I asked, stepping forward through the Council members. “Did he 
give you any information?”
“Well, no, not exactly.”
“On with it, you tittering old corpse!” Buhnd snapped. “Stop speaking in circles and 
spit it out.”
“Tittering old cor—”
“Gentry,” Virion growled in warning.
Gentry winced but took a step forward, puffing his chest out. “Thanks to yours truly, 
the traitor has finally spoken and he has requested to speak”—his crooked finger 
pointed toward me—“but only to General Arthur.”
The hallway was quiet as everyone’s gaze followed the long crooked finger to me.
I furrowed my brows. “Me?”
My mind spun. Why would Rahdeas want to speak to me, and what he could possibly 
say to me in this situation?
“That traitor has cleft the dwarven kingdom in two and shit on our reputation, then 
left me to clean up his unwiped ass—who is he to make demands?” Buhnd growled.
“Do you think he’s aiming to make some sort of deal with General Arthur?” Blaine 
asked.
“If he wanted to strike a deal, he’d have a much better chance of doing so with 
Commander Virion or anyone else in the Council,” Merial answered.
“Perhaps it’s because of your ties to Elijah?” Virion wondered.
“That’s… what I’m afraid of,” I sighed.
Gentry coughed dramatically, drawing our attention. “Councilmembers and Lance. It 
would be an understatement to say it has been difficult for me to get the traitor to talk. 
Perhaps it’s best we capitalize on my—this achievement, and talk to him while he’s 
still able?”
All eyes fell on the commander, and he answered with a terse nod.
“Lead the way, Gentry,” I said, walking through the reinforced doors.
The familiar musty smell of the castle dungeon brought back a series of unpleasant 
memories regarding my own time down here. I walked silently after Gentry, leaving 
the Council to watch begrudgingly as we disappeared behind the reinforced door. 
After passing through another guarded entry, this one leading down to the lower 
levels where only Uto and Rahdeas were held, Gentry led me to a barren cell barely 
the size of a shoe closet.
Taking a deep breath, I waited for Gentry to carefully unlock the cell.
“I will be here, just outside the door, General Arthur. I’m sure you already know, but 
please refrain from touching anything,” Gentry warned before opening the cell door 
and stepping aside.
I waited until the old man left before shifting my gaze to the cuffed dwarf kneeling 
before me. “Rahdeas.”
The man twitched at the sound of his name, but then a smile slowly carved itself across 
his pale face.
“My gratitude for your time and presence,” he dipped his head, though I couldn’t tell if 
it was a show of respect or mockery. “Allow me to begin.”
“Begin?” I asked, but the man kept his head lowered, his eyes hidden.
I kept my guard up, uneasy. This wasn’t the attitude I had expected from him.
“A lad of humble origins, born wrapped in rags in a sad little town,” he began, finally 
lifting his head. “Within, however, he was more, born from and for a life of renown.”
“And as with all heroes-to-be, the lad had the looks and the lad had the might.” Rahdeas 
stretched out one arm while his other hand lay over his heart. “His mother taught him 
the world, his father taught him to fight.”
I watched, dumbstruck, as the mad dwarf continued his epic.
Rahdeas’s voice got deeper, darker. “That is, until the day came, when the lad saw there 
was a larger stage to play. His blood knew well they could no longer contain the lad’s 
fire, which raged inside him hot as a king’s funeral pyre. So they took up their bags 
and wished their small town good luck,” Rahdeas let out a breath. “But woe, as all 
stories go, tragedy struck.”
“Rahdeas,” I said, growing annoyed with his recitation, but was silenced by a raised 
finger.
“But never fret, never doubt, because, as all stories go, a hero never drops out. So he 
grows and he grows, through heartache and death throes, never ceasing, overcoming.”
Rahdeas looked up at the dim flickering light above us. “Alas, every light needs a 
shadow,
every hero a foe. The brighter the light, the darker its night.”
Finally, Rahdeas met my gaze, grinning like a fool. “But I ask you this, hero-to-be.
What happens when your foe, who has crossed both time and space, is actually 
brighter than thee? Perhaps a fair maiden’s shining knight, is another one’s deadly 
blight, and the side of dark and of light, is determined only by who wins the last fight?”
An uncomfortable silence lingered as he finished his strange poem, and just when I 
thought things couldn’t get weirder, Rahdeas, his arms chained to the ground, reached 
out and grabbed my hand with his blood-crusted fingers.
His glossy, soulless eyes squinted into thin, watery crescents as he smiled up at me 
and nodded. “Ah, good, you’re real. I was afraid you were another illusion and that my 
performance had gone to waste.”
I stared down at him, unsure how to react.
He groaned in pleasure. “I’d forgotten how warm a person could be.” He gazed into the 
distance as he stroked my hand absently, like I was his pet housecat.
I jerked my hand from his grasp. “It seems that your time spent here has made you… 
unbalanced.”
“Of all of the interesting and exciting words in our language, you choose ‘unbalanced’? 
Not ‘crazy’ or ‘insane’ or ‘mad,’ maybe even ‘cracked’ or ‘nutty,’ but you choose 
‘unbalanced’?” Rahdeas snickered.
“I don’t have time to waste on lectures about my word choice, especially from someone 
so unbalanced,” I stressed, narrowing my eyes.
Rahdeas shrugged. “Regardless, it is of your own free will whether you choose to 
ignore my words or not, poetry or prose alike.”
“So that poem you just recited—”
“I thought a heart-to-heart conversation would be a bit boring. And though I’m not 
very well versed in the art of poetry, I had to do something to pass the time down 
here,” Rahdeas replied seriously, but the moment of clarity lasted only a second. He 
leered at me, his eyes twinkling. “Or… you know, this might just be the rambling of a 
man ‘unbalanced.’”
A sigh escaped me and I shook my head.
“Be honest, though. My rhyming may have been a bit elementary but it was catchy, was
it not?” he grinned, wrinkles lining his ghastly skin.
My annoyance and frustration boiled over. “I don’t think you understand the gravity 
of your situation, Rahdeas. You’re going to be here for a long time, and it’s going to be 
unpleasant. How much you cooperate, such as revealing anything that might be of help 
to the Council—to Dicathen—will ultimately decide how unpleasant. Now is not the 
time to worry whether your rhymes are catchy or not.”
“I know precisely what sort of position I’m in and I’ve told you exactly what I wanted 
to,” Rahdeas said, no longer looking at me. The dwarf was attempting to lay back and 
rest his head in his hands but was struggling with the chains. After several tedious 
moments, he settled into an uncomfortable contortion. “Again, what you gain from it 
is none of my concern.”
I gnashed my teeth in frustration and waited in silence, hoping that he might change 
his mind. In the end, the traitor shooed me away with a wave of his hand as he began 
humming the rhythm of his poem.
Scoffing, I called for Gentry and had him lock Rahdeas’s cell.
As I turned to leave, fuming over the traitor’s attitude, my gaze landed on the other 
cell—this one even smaller than Rahdeas’s. Despite the mana-inhibiting qualities of 
the material the cell was made of, an ominous aura constantly seeped out of it, like rot 
from a corpse.
For a moment, I was tempted to open the cell.
In a short amount of time, I had grown and broken through to a stage that rivaled any 
mage in Dicathen. The fear that I had felt when facing Uto, even with the help of Sylvie, 
left a deep impression on me that I wanted to get rid of. I thought that confronting the 
retainer again might cleanse me of the doubt our battle had left on my spirit.
There’s nothing to gain, Arthur, I scolded myself, shaking my head. He’s bound, 
broken—a weak shadow of the creature that nearly killed you.
I left the dungeon, glad to be rid of the smell and the sound of Rahdeas’s humming, 
though bits and pieces of his poem still echoed in my head.
The members of the Council were still waiting for me by the dungeon entrance. Six 
sets of eyes bored into me, waiting for me to say something—anything.
I gestured to the withered, hook-nosed interrogator behind me. “Gentry’s interrogation
tactics seem to have made Rahdeas lose a bit of his mind. He brought me all the way 
down here in the dead of night just to recite a poem to me.”
“Poem?” Blaine said incredulously.
Everyone knew Rahdeas as a mild-mannered, intelligent dwarf who always strived for 
a collaborative effort. The news of his madness was met with surprised, concerned 
looks from the Council.
“What… was the poem about?” Virion asked hesitantly.
“To be honest, I can’t quite say. As I said, he was a bit… off. Something about his poem 
did bother me, though” I replied. “With the Council’s blessing, I will try to find out 
more about the poem before providing any definite answers.”
“Though our tactics for extracting the truth from men such as Rahdeas have proven 
quite effective, it does sometimes have a lingering effect on their sanity,” Gentry said 
with a cough. “My apologies for the false alarm. I sincerely thought he would be 
confessing something important.”
“Seeing as nothing substantial has been revealed yet, how about we discuss this more 
in our next meeting?” Alduin suggested.
“I second this,” Buhnd grunted. “We can choose whether to decipher his ramblings 
once we’ve had some sleep.”
“If Rahdeas’s state-of-mind is as you suggested, his words are likely empty of 
meaning,” Priscilla said, already turning to leave.
After our impromptu gathering had ended, I made my way back to my room where, 
despite my body begging for rest, I sat wide awake, the strange poem echoing in my 
mind. Despite my irritability with the traitor, I wanted to believe his words still held 
some merit.
Dimming the light artifact on the desk to its lowest setting, I began jotting down the 
parts of the poem that I remembered, going verse by verse, using the rhymes and 
structure to guide me when my memory failed. Once complete, I read through what 
I’d written. Whether it was because of my exhausted state or because I had been so 
confused by Rahdeas’s behavior, I wasn’t confident with my recollection.
The main message I got from this poem was about a hero, but there was something more 
to it than that.
If I examined his words under the assumption that Rahdeas wasn’t out of his mind—
not exactly a safe assumption—he explicitly said that the poem was what he wanted 
to tell me. It seemed likely that this “hero” had something to do with me, so I assumed 
I was the “lad” described in his words.
How did Rahdeas know details of my childhood, though? It wasn’t just the fact that I 
had a rather modest upbringing in Ashber, but the poem also said that the lad wished 
the town luck before a tragedy struck.
It probably wasn’t too hard for Rahdeas to have done a background check on me using 
his resources while he was still part of the Council, but even then, this whole thing just 
didn’t sit well.
One verse was particularly unnerving, though I wasn’t entirely sure I was remembering 
it correctly. Had he said “from a life of renown” or “for a life of renown?” I swear he 
said both, but how would that make sense unless… I shook my head, losing my train of 
thought.
Frustrated at Rahdeas for the needlessly cryptic message and at myself for dismissing 
his poem for the jabbering of a madman, I moved on.
The latter half of the poem was a bit more ambiguous as it began to sound more and 
more like the sort of overused prophecy foretold in nearly every hero story I’d read 
throughout both my lives.
Lines like, “the brighter the light, the darker its night” most likely had something to do 
with my foe being more powerful the stronger I became. As if I choose my enemies by 
their strength relative to my own.
Then there was the line about one person’s “knight” being another’s “blight.” Again, I 
had to assume the mad dwarf was referencing me, but to whom had I been a “blight,” 
unless he meant the Vritra and the Alacryans? Yet that was no secret and hardly bore 
mentioning, much less being so cryptic about it.
I thought over the poem for another half hour before I gave up, deciding to visit the 
dwarf in the morning and ask him to repeat his words.
Hopefully he is up for an encore.
I was still skeptical about whether the poem even meant anything, but I was 
powerfully curious.
Sliding into bed, I tried to empty my mind of the mad poem and my many questions 
related to it. As I drifted off to sleep, half-formed lines continued drifting through my 
head, followed by nonsensical rhyming words that fought to fit themselves into their 
proper places.
CIRCE MILVIEW
“How much longer?” Fane demanded, his voice a hissing whisper. From the corner of 
my eye, I could see his head constantly swiveling left and right. I knew his eyes were 
darting from tree to tree, looking for any signs of an approaching enemy. It had been 
the same each time, and the long days within the cursed elven forest had only made 
him more agitated.
I held up two fingers, turning my focus back to the tree in front of me. The crest on my 
back flared and I pushed Fane’s anxious needling to the back of my mind as I fought to 
keep my powers under control. Mana coursed through my arms and into the tree itself, 
slowly forming into a beacon that would light the Alacryan army’s way through the 
mists.
“My veiling barrier isn’t going to last much longer, Circe, not when I’m covering such a 
wide range,” Cole said through gritted teeth, louder than he should have. Concerned, I 
glanced back at the Shield; his long brown hair was stuck to his face with sweat.
I felt more than saw it when the three-point array stabilized within the tree. I waited 
a moment to make sure it was entirely concealed, then let out a sigh of relief. “Done.”
Without a word, Maeve grabbed my arm and pulled me to my feet. I felt Cole’s barrier 
disperse as he and Fane followed us away from the freshly imprinted array. It wasn’t 
a good idea to hang around the source of so much magic, despite our precautions 
against detection by the Dicathian forces. We’d already stumbled across the remains 
of another group that hadn’t been cautious enough…
Despite the urgency of our task, our pace was frustratingly slow. By using my crest, I 
could extend my senses out to about thirty yards. Without the crest, we would have 
been entirely unable to navigate within the forest; I was the only one who could see 
more than a few feet into the thick fog that oozed between the trees, unmoved by any 
magic we had yet discovered. It made for slow going, though.
“Do you see anyone, Circe?” Fane asked for the fifth time, his sharp features contorted 
into an angry glare.
“I said I’ll tell you if I see anything out of the ordinary,” I snapped, shooting him a 
warning glare.
He narrowed his eyes, discontent, but didn’t say anything else.
After about an hour of practically crawling through the fog-laden forest, I signaled for 
everyone to stop. “We need to place another array.”
Everyone got into position: Maeve hopped up into a nearby tree, ready to defend us if 
necessary; Cole stayed beside me and enveloped the area in a veil to help mask the 
mana fluctuations while I worked; Fane circled the perimeter, watchful for 
approaching enemies.
After everyone was in place, I began setting up the first part of the three-point array. 
As a mid-tier Sentry, it wasn’t difficult setting it up. The tricky part was making sure it 
was undetectable until I finally activated it. If there was any mana leakage at all, the 
elves lurking around the forest would sense it, and if even one of the arrays I had made 
were discovered, the whole plan would be ruined.
As if in answer to my thoughts, a bush rustled to my left. I twitched, and the mana 
flowing from my fingertips and seeping through the bark was disrupted. Fane was 
there in the space of a breath. He turned to me, a dead rodent in his hand. He smirked 
as he tossed the crushed corpse back into the undergrowth.
As expected of a veteran emblem holder, I thought. The Striker’s attitude was foul, but 
he was good at his job. Since that involved keeping me alive to finish plotting the 
course through the forest, I knew I shouldn’t hold his lesser traits against him. Still, if 
an elven arrow found his throat, I wouldn’t shed any tears.
Turning my focus back on the old tree, I pushed out instilled mana until it buried itself 
deep into the core of the tree. After it was in place, I had to cover the tracks and mana 
fluctuations at the site of the wound. The mana imprint left by my spell had to be 
manually obscured with surgical precision so that no one could sense that magic was 
used in the area. This step required my attention be entirely concentrated. I couldn’t 
afford to spread my senses around us, even if it increased the risk that an elf could 
sneak up on us.
My dry, strained eyes grew heavy, my legs and back ached, and the fog seemed to be 
seeping through my ears and into my mind—but I finished it.
“Done,” I mouthed at my teammates before moving onto the next point.
Kneeling down on the ground a few feet away from the tree, I repeated the process. 
Covering the magic’s imprint was slightly easier in the soil, and when it was done, I 
moved on to the last part—a second tree creating a triangular shape with the first two 
points.
Once the three-point array was complete, we got moving again.
Maeve stuck to me like a shadow, practically touching me as we walked. Cole followed 
a few feet behind, ready to conjure a magical barrier at the first sign of danger. Fane 
brought up the rear. A team specialized for this mission, I thought dourly. It was 
exceedingly difficult to be both the newest addition to the team and the linchpin of the 
Alacryan army’s efforts.
A combat team would normally train together for years before they went into the field, 
but this group’s Sentry had been killed in training only a few weeks ago. Having been 
recently granted my emblem, I was sent in as a replacement. Fane’s outright hostility 
was only slightly more irritating than Maeve treating me like a child, or the puerile 
crush Cole seemed to be harboring toward me.
It was a source of comfort to know that we weren’t the only team.
Maybe one of the other teams have already succeeded in securing a route, I hoped, 
knowing how unlikely that was. Out of all the teams, I knew that we were the most 
likely to succeed; my newly acquired emblem gave us a distinct advantage.
Maeve’s arm shot out, pressing against my chest and forcing me to stop. Her amber 
eyes locked onto me as she pointed down. Nearly invisible beneath the fog was a 
shallow ditch full of wooden spikes.
“The spikes weren’t sharpened, they were twisted into this shape,” Maeve said in a 
whisper.
“Plant magic.” After the initial assault on the elven forest, many survivors had reported 
strangling vines, choking spoors, and even trees that pulled up their roots and walked. 
It was amazing and horrifying to think that our enemies controlled such power.
“I thought you said this way was safe,” Fane grumbled as he glared down into the pit.
“We’ll have to stop somewhere safe for me to scout another route.” I avoided looking 
at my companions. I didn’t want to see the anger, the pity, or the boundless acceptance 
I would find in Fane’s, Maeve’s, or Cole’s eyes. We couldn’t march an army through 
land harboring such traps. We’d have to find a safer path.
Navigating the forest was difficult enough without the gnawing doubt starting to form 
like a crust at the back of my mind. Eventually, though, the physical torment of our 
days of endless marching was strong enough to distract me from the worry that some 
elf would drop out of the trees and cut us down. My legs throbbed in pain and my sore 
back made me feel older than my blood matriarch, but I continued on without 
complaint until the weak, diffused light started to dim. Somewhere out there beyond 
the awful fog, the sun must have been setting.
“Merciful Vritra,” I mumbled as we finally settled down for the night, nested in the 
thick branches of a tree.
Cole passed around strips of salted, dried meat and a candied root for each of us, giving 
me a gentle smile when he handed me mine; my pieces were bigger than the rest.
We ate silently, relishing the first small break in several days. As I sucked the sugar 
from the candied root, I thought about Cole’s attitude toward me. I’d been the target 
of similar affections from other men during training, but my focus had always stayed 
on attaining my emblem. It had been easier to avoid the unwanted attention back 
home. Here, it was just the four of us, and I worried that if I rebuffed him too sharply 
it would interrupt the team dynamic, perhaps putting us all at risk. I knew there was 
no choice but to suffer through it, using the Shield’s feelings toward me to further the 
mission.
After the light meal, I turned my mind away from trivialities and set about finding a 
valid path through the fog.
Igniting my emblem, I activated True Sense. The unsettling sensation of my 
consciousness leaving my body felt as if I were undressing in a snowstorm. Like a 
ghost, I drifted through the sky, narrowing my True Sense to lock in on a single 
element. My head—figuratively speaking, since my actual body was sitting comatose 
below on a tree branch—throbbed terribly.
Particles of ambient mana glowed green as I focused on seeing wind mana. Mastery of 
True Sense would one day allow me to see all four elemental mana particles in the 
atmosphere, but for now seeing wind-attribute mana would be enough. The goal was 
to find any large clusters of mana, thereby leading us to the hidden kingdom of the 
elves.
As I extended my True Sense, the throbbing grew unbearable, and it was a struggle to 
maintain the incorporeal form.
Just a little longer… There!
Immediately, I was drawn back into my body, anchored by the powerful emblem. The 
last twinkle of green flickered out of my vision as my physical eyes opened and a 
pained gasp forced free of my lungs.
“Were you successful, Circe?” Fane immediately asked, true to his impatience.
My body felt cold, like I’d fallen asleep outside only to wake in the dark, but my lips 
curled into a smile. “The kingdom itself is still too far away, but I found a large area of 
mana fluctuations about a day’s travel from here.”
“How large?” Maeve asked cautiously. “Large enough to be a settlement, or even a 
town?”
Cole ran a hand through his long hair and let out a sigh. “At least we’re going the right 
way. Nice to know all of this hasn’t been for nothing. Great job, Circe, really great work.”
“As expected from a member of the Milview blood,” Fane grunted, tearing off a piece 
of his dried meat. “Up ‘til now, I was wondering if you truly were of that lineage,” he 
added, his eyes probing me for a reaction.
Ignoring him, I looked up into the branches above us and, speaking to no one in 
particular, said, “I won’t be able to use my emblem for another day, but after I’ve fully 
recovered, I want to do another scan to hone in on water-attribute mana.”
“Sensible,” Maeve said, shooting a warning look at Fane. “From our reports, these elves 
are particularly adept with water or wind magic.” The Striker turned away from us 
both, spitting a hunk of gristle off the edge of his perch and falling into a sullen silence.
After finishing our modest meal, we got as comfortable as we could within the 
branches of the ancient tree, deep within enemy territory. Either Cole or I had to be 
on watch in case something approached, but since I had just expended most of my 
mana activating my emblem, Cole and Maeve took first watch. The weathered Shield, 
who was at least twenty years my senior, winked at me before erecting a small veiling 
barrier around us while Fane and I slept.
Despite the cold, hard branch pressed against my back and the fear of falling—even 
though we tied ourselves to the tree—I soon felt myself drifting off. Then Maeve was 
shaking me awake.
“It’s been two hours,” she whispered, signaling me to take over, then turning to shake 
Fane awake.
No need to worry about elven soldiers or Dicathian mages. These two hour shifts will be 
the death of me, I groaned internally.
Channeling mana into my crest, my awareness spread to a thirty-yard radius around 
us. Normally, I’d be able to stretch my sphere of awareness to over a hundred yards no 
matter the terrain, but the mysterious magic encompassing this endless forest 
restricted everyone’s senses, even mine. I passed the time by pushing my senses as far 
as they would go, exploring the trees around us, feeling the shapes of bird nests and 
rabbit burrows.
Was it possible the animals were immune to the effects of the fog? If they could 
navigate within the forest, perhaps we could use that somehow? I’d trained with a 
young woman who could inhabit the consciousness of a small animal, see through its 
eyes, and give it simple directions. How far could I see if I could join my mind to one 
of these birds and ask it to fly over the treetops?
Farther than thirty yards, I imagine, I thought bitterly. I was saved from delving further 
into my own shortcomings as multiple figures entered into the range of my senses.
Elves!
Moving slowly so as not to scuff the tree or lose my balance, I turned toward Fane and 
gave him a meaningful look.
“How many?” Fane mouthed.
I held up three fingers and pointed in the direction they were coming from.
He nodded, and we quietly shook Maeve and Cole awake, covering their mouths while 
doing so in case they made a sound.
Cole quickly erected a two-layered barrier that dampened sounds and veiled our 
presence. Though he was breathing heavily and starting to sweat with the labor of 
casting spells after erecting barriers all day and barely getting any sleep, Cole had a 
resolute expression that told me he’d endure. He had to.
“About a dozen yards away,” I whispered solemnly.
“Hopefully they’ll pass us by,” Fane said. “If they seem suspicious, I’ll drop down on 
them, breaking free of the barrier. If I can take them down quickly, I will. Otherwise, 
I’ll run for it and draw them off. You three stay hidden.” To Maeve, he added, “Keep the 
Sentry alive. Without her, we’re doomed.”
I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. “We can all fight, Fane. Four on three is better odds 
than three on one.”
Cole rubbed his stubbled chin. “Even if we kill them quickly, the magic will leave traces. 
It’s too risky.”
“Cole is right,” Maeve added, tying her dark hair up into a tight knot. “But so is Fane. 
We’re expendable in this mission, Circe. You are not. Let’s avoid a fight if we can, but if 
we can’t, you and Cole will bolt while Fane and I hold off the elves.” Seeing my doubt, 
she smiled confidently and said, “I’ll take two to four with these watered-down 
Dicathian mages any day.”
It grated my nerves, but I understood why she was being so protective, and I knew it 
would be selfish to insist on throwing myself into the middle of an unnecessary battle. 
Out of all the teams trying to create a route to the elven kingdom, I was the only Sentry 
with an emblem powerful enough to navigate effectively in the Elshire Forest. 
Completion of the mission was priority. However, despite her insistence that the rest 
of them were expendable, our chances of success plummeted dramatically if any one 
of us were lost.
We stopped our whispering, afraid the elves might hear us even through the two-
layered barrier. By the time we could hear the footsteps below us, I was holding my 
breath. Oh Vritra, please let them keep walking.
I stepped back as Lady Vera positioned the thin metal stick she called a “foil” for a 
horizontal swing. Still, somehow, the foil managed to slap my left arm.
“How?” I hissed, rubbing the fresh wound. “I thought I dodged that.”
“You’re too focused on my weapon,” Lady Vera answered, keeping her body still. “Your 
vision should encompass your enemy—or enemies—as a whole. What do you see 
differently right now?”
I looked down at the foil, still pointed at me. “Aside from the obvious?”
That earned me another smack with her weapon. “Don’t get smart with me, kid.”
“Okay, okay!” I yelped. “And I have a name, you know.”
“I’m aware that you were named for a rather boring color,” Lady Vera said bluntly. 
“Now, answer my question.”
Afraid of getting hit again, I scanned the tall woman. She wore a dark shirt and tightfitting black pants. Her long, curly red hair swirled like fire when she moved.
Several months had passed since my capture, torture, and subsequent rescue. After 
my injuries completely healed, I began my lessons with Lady Vera. While her methods 
were brutal and her personality was about as warm as a block of ice, she was a very 
effective tutor.
“Well?” she pressed, jolting me out of my thoughts.
I let out a breath and pointed at her foot. “You pivoted using your lead leg, bringing 
your back foot forward for longer reach.”
“Good,” she nodded in approval. “Although, if you weren’t able to see that from the 
track mark on the ground—”
“Yes, yes. ‘Then I don’t deserve to be your student,’” I finished. “Now, how do I get 
better?”
My mentor muttered something under her breath, turned away from me, and walked 
over to a manmade pond she had in her yard. Our training ground, which stretched 
out for fifty yards in both length and width, was her backyard.
The simple fact that she even had a backyard in a city where high rise buildings took 
up nearly every available plot of land spoke a lot about her wealth and power. The 
entire backyard—which looked like something out of an old nature magazine—was 
also blocked off from the outside world by a twenty-foot wall, which made me wonder 
what sort of position she actually held in Wittholm Academy, the military school I was 
enrolled in.
As we reached the clear pond—which had actual, live fish in it—Lady Vera sat down 
at the edge and motioned me to join her.
“Try catching a fish with your hands,” she said. “Without using ki.”
“What? Won’t they die if they come out of the water? I—I don’t think I can afford to 
replace a living fish like this.”
She gave me a rare smile. “Don’t worry about that and just try.”
Gazing warily at the rare aquatic animals, which I’d only ever seen in a frozen and 
processed form, I reached in and tried to scoop one up. Just as my fingers grazed the 
surface of the water, the gold and black fish darted off to the other end of the pond.
“So fast!” I exclaimed, marveling at its speed.
She snapped her finger to get my attention. “Again.”
I plunged my hands into the water again and again but, after a dozen or more tries, 
hadn’t so much as brushed the fish’s scaly sides. Frustrated and wet, I swiped my hand 
angrily through the water, only to slip on the wet stone and fall into the pool.
“Gah!” I flailed to the surface, letting out a gasp. Lady Vera just laughed.
After scrambling out of the deep pond, I laid back on the grass. “What’s the point of 
this, anyway? It’s impossible to catch one with just your bare hands.”
“Is that so?” my mentor said in a haughty voice.
“Yes, it is. There is no way you can”—I lifted my head to look at her, and in Lady Vera’s 
hand was a writhing, glistening fish—“What? No way! Do it again!”
Lady Vera shrugged and threw the fish back into the pond. “Sure.”
I scrambled back to my feet and watched closely in case my mentor tried to pull a fast 
one and use ki or cheat in some other way.
Leaning forward, Lady Vera waited with her hand close to the surface. Just as another 
fish was about to swim by, she dipped her hand slowly into the water. The fish darted 
forward, startled by the disturbance of the water, right into Lady Vera’s waiting hand. 
With a twitch of her fingers, she closed her fist around the fish, holding it in a firm but 
gentle grip.
With a smug grin, she released the fish, which shot away into the depths of the pond.
“Now do you believe me?”
“I don’t get it. You did it so slowly…” I mumbled. “Wait! Did you train these fish to just 
swim into your hand?”
“Do I look like someone who would spend my time doing something as useless as 
that?” My mentor gave me a deadpan look that suggested she was not, indeed, the type 
of person who whiled away her days training fish to do tricks in order to impress 
orphan boys she picked up off the street.
I scratched my head. “I guess not… but I still don’t understand the point of this—unless 
it was for you to just show off.”
Lady Vera splashed water in my face. “I did it to show you that you and these fish—
these little creatures that were able to make a fool of you—are similar.”
“What?” I asked, clueless as to her meaning.
Lady Vera’s hand suddenly shot out toward my face, and I whipped my head to the side 
to avoid being smacked.
“Your reaction speed is fast, frighteningly so,” my mentor explained, patting my 
shoulder. “But it’s instinctual, untamed—just like these fish.”
“I don’t understand. What do you mean ‘untamed’?” I asked.
“Though you are not consciously aware of it, by the time your opponent’s arms flex in 
order to throw a punch, your brain has already sent a signal to your body in order to 
react. Now, if your opponents are on the level of the students here, which is to say, they 
are not yet trained and experienced fighters, you hold a large advantage over them 
due to this ability. However, if left untrained, stronger opponents can easily predict 
how you’re going to dodge, just like how I predicted the fish would surge forward 
when I grabbed it.”
I thought for a moment and realized that what Lady Vera said made complete sense. 
“So how do I tame this ability?”
“By responding, not reacting,” she answered, getting up and taking an offensive stance.
“Isn’t that the same thing?”
She shook her head. “One is intentional, the other is instinctual. We’ve focused on basic 
conditioning for the most part, but I think you’re ready to start learning how to 
respond to an enemy’s attack, instead of merely reacting.”
Grinning, I fell into a defensive stance, bouncing slightly on the balls of my feet. “The 
fun part!”
“Fun for me,” she replied with a dark smile, swinging her foil in a figure eight. “Lucky 
for you, your next class starts soon, so we’ll continue with this exercise tomorrow.”
I let out a groan and rubbed the welt on my arm from where she hit me earlier.
“There’s a car waiting for you to get back to school,” Lady Vera said, shooing me away. 
“Now scram—” She cut off suddenly, looking at something over my shoulder.
I turned to follow her line of sight; a young woman, one of the household staff, was 
walking quickly toward us.
The woman curtsied then glanced at me before speaking. “Ma’am, we’ve just received 
a call. There was some kind of explosion at Wittholm. The enforcers have locked down 
the school and asked all students and staff to stay away until further notice.”
“The enforcers? But why—” I felt my stomach drop suddenly. “Oh my god, Nico—”
“A panicked man may drown in a puddle, while a calm man may swim across the ocean, 
Grey,” Lady Vera said sagely.
I frowned. “What?”
“It means calm down.”
I opened my mouth to respond, but she cut me off, pointing across the yard. Another 
servant was walking quickly toward us. He bowed before he reached us and,
addressing me, said, “Mr. Grey, you have an urgent call from a Mr. Nico. I apologize for 
interrupting, but he seems quite upset.”
Forgetting myself, I took two steps toward Lady Vera’s house before I remembered to 
ask permission. She waved me off.
“Go, Grey. See to your friend. Then return. Since you apparently don’t have class today, 
we can keep working on your reactions.”
“Nico!” I gasped into the receiver, having sprinted into the house from the yard. “What 
is it? Are you okay?”
“Grey! Grey, I don’t know what happened—the ki restrainer must’ve malfunctioned—
but I checked it just a few days ago and it was fine. I don’t know what happened! It’s 
all my fault!” he said. It sounded like he was choking back tears.
“What happened, Nico? What’s your fault? You’re not making any sense.”
“It’s Cecilia. She had one of her accidents. Can you—can you come down to the school, 
Grey? The enforcers are here, they’ve been taking interviews and asking all kinds of 
questions—I’m scared, Grey. What if they take her away? Please?”
“But Cecilia… she’s not hurt? She’s alive?”
“Yes, but what if they lock her up? It was bad Grey, really bad. She demolished part of 
the administration building.”
“They…” I hesitated, unsure. Would Lady Vera let me go to the academy if I asked? Or 
would she just scold me and tell me to stay out of it, to keep my eyes forward and let 
the enforcers sort it out. I knew the answer. “They’ve asked everyone to stay away. I 
can’t come, Nico. I mean, I want to, but they wouldn’t let me in.”
“Can you meet me somewhere else, then? We need to figure out what to do if they try 
to lock her up—”
“Nico,” I cut in, “Listen, we don’t know that’s going to happen, right? Just don’t panic. 
A panicked—a panicked man can drown in a puddle, but a calm man can swim across 
oceans or something like that. We just need to stay calm.”
“So, where can we meet?” There was desperation in his voice, but all I could picture 
was Lady Vera’s stern face, pinched with disappointment when I asked to skip extra 
lessons today.
“I’m sorry, Nico, but I can’t. Lessons, you know? But I’m sure everything is going to be 
okay. Just keep your head down and don’t make trouble. Who knows, maybe this could 
even be a good thing, maybe someone will take notice and get help for Cecilia so she 
doesn’t have to rely on just—” I stopped, realizing I was about to put my foot in my 
mouth. So she doesn’t have to rely on just your inventions…
“Oh, okay. I’m sorry, Grey. I’m sure you’ve got a lot on your plate, trying to be king and 
all. I’ll… well, I’ll let you go.” I could practically hear his shoulders slump and his head 
droop through the receiver. Lady Vera was right though, I had to keep my eyes forward, 
toward the future. If I became king, not only could I avenge Headmaster Wilbeck, I 
could keep Nico and Cecilia safe, too.
“Give me a call once you find out what the enforcers’ intend to do, alright?”
“Yeah, sure. Bye, Grey.” The line went dead.
I sat by myself for a moment, thinking about Cecilia and Nico. It’s going to be fine, I told 
myself. Tell yourself that enough, Grey, and you might start to believe it.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I opened my eyes, letting out a deep breath. It’d only been a few days since my last 
dream, or memory, or whatever these visions were, and this one was particularly bad. 
It was a memory that I would never forget, dream or no dream.
I looked outside the window to see that the sun had yet to fully rise, which meant that 
I had at most only two or three hours of sleep.
With a groan, I got out of bed and washed up, hoping cold water would help wash out 
the fatigue that seemed to have made a permanent home in my body.
‘You’re awake?’ my bond asked, not bothering to speak.
“Yeah. I don’t think I can fall back asleep. Want to join me for a morning stretch outside?”
‘As enticing as that sounds, it would require me to get out of bed,’ she replied, pulling the 
covers over her head.
“Growing children do need their sleep,” I agreed with a chuckle, drying my hair with a 
towel.
‘That immature retort speaks volumes about which one of us is the child,’ she replied 
casually.
I let out a laugh. You got me there.
After dressing in a plain, loose shirt and dark trousers, I headed for the door. As I 
passed my desk, I glanced down at the messy paper filled with bits and pieces of the 
poem that I tried to remember.
On second thought, I’ll give Rahdeas a short visit. Hopefully he’s functional enough to 
repeat the poem or, even better, give me a straight explanation.
I greeted the few maids and workers who were already awake and preparing for the 
day as I made my way down to the dungeon.
Walking through the long, dimly lit hallway leading to the entrance of the first level, I 
spotted a familiar face guarding the door—using the term “guarding” very loosely.
Albold Chaffer, the young elf who Virion had introduced me to on an earlier visit, was 
currently nodding off at his post beside the large metal door.
With a smirk, I erased my presence and softened my breathing. I coated my footsteps 
in mana in the same precise manner I did back when I was training alone in the forests 
of Epheotus.
Cautiously, I crept toward the sleeping guard, but as soon as I was within a few yards 
of the door, Albold’s eyes shot open and a thick layer of mana covered his body. His 
swords carved through the air between us as he unleashed a quick crossing attack. I 
stopped short, surprised that he had noticed my approach and reacted so swiftly.
“General Arthur?” he said incredulously, quickly sheathing his twin blades. “Sorry 
about that, I swore I felt someone sneaking up on me.”
“I was sneaking up on you. Weren’t you asleep?” I asked suspiciously.
“Ah… you caught me.” Albold looked at his feet. “Please don’t tell Commander Virion. I 
only have a few days left doing guard duty. I can’t stay here any longer!”
“Relax, I was just impressed,” I chuckled. “Virion was right, your senses are good.”
“It’s saved my ass more than a couple times in my life,” Albold said, smiling sheepishly. 
“So, what can I do for you, General?”
“I need to speak to a prisoner,” I replied. “Is Gentry inside?”
Albold nodded and opened the door. “I can’t think of a time where he hasn’t been 
inside.”
Albold led me inside, and we soon found Gentry asleep on a cot in one of the nearby 
cells.
“Who… Wh-what’s going on?” Gentry mumbled when we shook him awake. “GGeneral? To what do I owe the pleasure of your disturbing my rest?”
“Just returning the favor,” I said with a smirk. “Can you open Rahdeas’s cell for just a 
moment? There’s something I want to ask him,” I explained.
The interrogator rubbed his eyes as he stood and stretched, his joints cracking and his 
bones creaking like an animated skeleton. “Of course—and my apologies again for 
calling the entire Council. I was certain that the traitor was going to reveal something 
important.”
Gentry set about unlocking the door that led down to the lower level of the dungeon. 
After a few clicks, he motioned for Albold to help, and the two of them heaved the 
doors open.
We all froze. Gentry’s assistant was splayed out on the floor with several black spikes 
through his body. Seeing the spikes, my gaze immediately veered toward the cell that 
Uto was in; the vault door was open, and the retainer stood just outside it, leaning 
against the wall.
Heart hammering in my chest, I immediately imbued mana around me and threw 
myself in front of Gentry and Albold, fearing that Uto would attack at any moment, but 
the retainer was completely still and silent.
“Duve!” Gentry cried, oblivious to the retainer.
“He—he’s dead,” I muttered, focused solely on Uto. As my mana-enhanced eyes 
adjusted to the darkness, I could make out the spikes piercing through his chest and 
stomach, pinning him to the wall like an insect pinned in a box. He was smiling.
“Rahdeas!” I stepped inside the dungeon and immediately felt the magic-restricting 
wards draining away my protections. Jumping over the assistant’s corpse, I swung 
open the door to Rahdeas’s cell, only to see that the old dwarf had met the same fate 
as Uto and Duve.
He was dead.
I knew that the unexpected deaths of Rahdeas and Uto would be enough to send a 
ripple of panic through every echelon of the noble families, both within the castle and 
without. Holding two major Alacryan prisoners created a certain semblance of power 
and control for the people of Dicathen.
To prevent chaos, the Council did what countless leaders have done when faced with 
similar setbacks: They covered it up.
Gentry, Albold, and I were all questioned thoroughly by the Council since we were the 
ones present at the scene.
Considering the black spikes used to skewer the three corpses, it was obvious none of 
us were responsible for the attack. Still, a majority of my day was taken up by this. 
Eventually Gentry was left to grieve over his assistant, who he apparently cared very 
much for, and Albold was released from his guard duty and sent back to Elshire Forest 
to assist the forces there.
As for me, I was standing in front of Virion in his private office. He sat behind his desk 
with a grim expression.
“Cynthia Goodsky died this way as well, right?” I confirmed.
Virion nodded, his eyes unfocused.
“You must be worried about everyone’s safety. Three people have been killed, 
apparently by enemy forces, in the most secure location in Dicathen—a flying castle 
that has existed since ancient times.”
“Do you think I’d allow people to stay here if I was worried for their safety?” Virion 
retorted. “I’m not in the mood for tests, Arthur. I know you noticed as well. It was the 
same with Cynthia.”
“It’s good that you realized,” I said, smiling sadly.
No one had infiltrated the castle. No matter how much I thought it over, it just wasn’t 
possible. The layers of defense that one would have pierce in order to get inside of this 
castle, not to mention breaching the prison level, just to kill two prisoners—it didn’t 
add up. If an intruder could get into the castle, why not attempt to assassinate the 
Council? Or one of the Lances? It didn’t make any sense, which led me to the answer 
that the attack had to have come from within.
Not from someone on our side, but from within Rahdeas and Uto’s bodies.
Just like Cynthia, who had a powerful curse embedded inside her, it made sense for 
Rahdeas and even a retainer to have that as well in case they were captured. From the 
way the black spikes seemed to bloom out of Rahdeas and Uto’s bodies, I felt sure that 
their curse had been activated.
As for Duve—Gentry’s unfortunate assistant—it seemed he had just been caught in 
the explosion of spikes that shot out from within the two prisoners.
That had to be the case; it doesn’t make any sense otherwise.
Agrona had made it clear that the whole point of this war was to take over this 
continent with as few casualties as possible so that he could conquer and utilize the 
resources—living and non-living—available here to strengthen his power and attack 
Epheotus head on. It wouldn’t make sense for him to kill only the prisoners if he had 
the power to send someone inside the castle.
Does that mean Rahdeas revealed something important? It was too much of a 
coincidence that he died right after telling me that poem. Had Rahdeas purposely 
communicated in the form of a poem to try to bypass the curse? Cynthia’s curse had 
restricted her from revealing, or even thinking about revealing, anything relevant.
“Any plans for what to do next?” I asked, forcing myself out of the never-ending web of 
speculation in my head.
“For now, consolidating the priorities of the Council members comes first. They were 
already restless after the attack on the southern borders of the Elshire Forest. Now 
this…” The old elf let out a ragged sigh that seemed to contain a bit of his weathered 
soul. “To be honest, Arthur, I’m at quite a loss at the moment. This war… the scale is so 
unlike any war this land has faced, yet—”
“Things have been too quiet,” I finished. “I agree. I feel like something big is about to 
happen. I’m just not sure what.”
The room grew quiet as we both mulled over our thoughts. Eventually, Virion let out 
a cough. “Well, no use worrying right now. There are things that must be done. Arthur, 
you’re on standby as of now, correct?”
“Yes.”
General Aya was currently stationed in Elenoir, while General Mica assisted in the 
investigation of the radical group in Darv. General Varay was helping to fortify the 
major cities across the western coast. Finally, General Bairon was supposed to be 
scouting the northern range of the Grand Mountains, searching for any signs of 
retainers or Scythes. I had wanted to help out, but because the Alacryans had been so 
quiet, despite the seemingly random attack on the outskirts of Elshire Forest, there 
was nothing that needed my attention.
“Okay. For now, stay in the castle and get used to your new core. You’ll be sent out 
immediately if any of the cities report anything unusual, so I need you to be in top 
condition,” Virion declared. I turned to leave when Virion’s voice called out from 
behind, bringing me to a stop. “Oh, and Arthur?”
Looking back at the commander over my shoulder, I responded, “Yes?”
He smiled. “I know you don’t care for this kind of thing, but as a Lance, don’t you think 
you should be dressed a bit more appropriately?”
Looking down at the loose shirt and dark trousers I had on, I chuckled. “Perhaps I 
should.”
Several minutes later I had arrived outside of my room, and I could hear a faint voice 
speaking from inside; it sounded like my sister.
“…have to help me, okay? Promise?”
Sylvie must’ve told her I was here because my sister stopped talking.
Opening the door, I was greeted by Ellie and Sylvie, who were sitting on the couch. 
Boo, who was lying on the ground with his giant head propped up on top of my bed 
like a pillow, acknowledged my presence with a snort before closing his eyes.
“H-hi, Brother,” my sister said, smiling weakly.
Sylvie gave a simple wave of her hand.
That’s not suspicious, I thought.
‘You’re over-thinking,’ my bond immediately replied back, making it even more 
suspicious.
“Anyway, what happened for you to be gone so long?” my sister asked, clearly a bit 
upset that I hadn’t had the chance to spend time with her since I came back.
“Just more meetings I had to attend,” I said vaguely. “Anyway, I’m free now.”
“Does that mean you’ll finally spend some time with your precious sister?”
“Yup, if you’re okay with the training grounds, that is. Sylv and I both have things to 
test before an actual fight.”
“That’s exactly what I was about to suggest!” my sister exclaimed, grabbing her bow, 
which was propped up against the wall beside her.
Before we left, I changed into more socially appropriate attire, which was just a highcollared military tunic that covered the red scars on my neck and a more fitted pair of 
trousers. Compared to the rest of the Lances, I was still dressed rather casually but at 
least I didn’t look like some farmer’s kid.
“Your hair is almost as long as mine. When are you going to cut it?” Ellie asked 
teasingly as I tied my hair back.
I shrugged. “When I feel the need to.”
We made our way to the training room. A pair of soldiers guarded the area, and they 
were arguing over something when we approached.
“I’m telling you that it’s not the—General Arthur!” The armored man on the left clicked 
his heels and saluted and his companion did the same.
“There are currently several mages practicing inside. Would you like us to clear them 
out?” the guard on the right asked as they let us inside.
Because of the sheer power that could be generated from a white core mage, the 
training room was usually emptied and the walls were additionally fortified when a 
Lance trained.
“No need. I’m not the one training today,” I said, following my excited sister through 
the doors. Sylvie and Boo trailed behind us as we stepped onto the loose earth that 
made up the floor.
The large room was lively; various nobles around my sister’s age, all well-adorned in 
stylish robes and tunics, tested spells while guardians and tutors looked on and 
provided instruction. Those training here all had privileges that extended from family 
members of high rankings within the army. Being able to live and train in the castle 
meant that they were safe, a luxury that only the top houses and the families of 
captains had.
Seeing the large entrance open, a few heads turned my way, and the private instructors 
and adults all immediately recognized me and bowed respectfully.
A woman who looked a few years older than my mother walked up to me with an 
amiable smile. “It’s an honor to see a Lance like this. If you are here to train, I will take 
my son and his friends elsewhere to learn.”
“It’s okay,” I smiled back. “Just here to stretch a little. Don’t mind us.”
“Hurry up!” Ellie exclaimed, already several yards ahead.
“If you’ll excuse me…” I followed after my sister with Sylvie and Boo in tow.
“Your sister really wants to impress you,” Sylvie said with a smile. “Don’t be too hard 
on her.”
“Aww, that’s no fun.” I glanced at my bond. “Get ready to ‘stretch’ as well. I want to see 
what you can do before we get into an actual battle.”
“Is that okay with all of these people here?” she asked.
“We’ll tone it down a bit. If we really wanted to go all out, we’d have to find a very large 
valley somewhere very uninhabited.”
My bond snorted. “True. Very well, I’m also curious to see how well I’ve adjusted to 
this new form.”
Making our way to the far end of the training grounds near the pond, I launched a slab 
of earth at my sister.
“Incom—” I was cut off as three arrows of mana pierced through the slab, shattering 
it.
Ellie turned her head back at me with a smirk. “You’re going to have to do better than 
that, Brother.”
Sylvie and I exchanged glances.
“Looks like I might not get the chance to be hard on her,” I said, shaking my head.
Time passed quickly in the training grounds despite the fact that all I did was create 
targets for my sister. It gave me the chance to really test the limits of what I could 
create with organic magic. Freeforming spells into odd and sometimes intricate 
shapes seemed to fascinate the children who had gathered around us to watch the 
show.
The noble kids would ooh and ahh as I conjured birds made of ice to flit around in the 
air while my sister attempted to shoot them down. Some of these spells weren’t very 
applicable in battle, but it helped me metaphorically stretch my abilities and see what 
I could and couldn’t do in a set amount of time.
I tried raising earthen soldiers like Olfred, the traitorous dwarven Lance, had been 
able to, but after raising three simple humanoid golems, my control over them faltered 
to the extent that they simply mimicking each other’s movements. My asuran trainer, 
Wren, was able to control hundreds of golems at a time, each so precisely that they 
seemed like sentient beings.
A shame one is forbidden to help and the other is dead. Not that either would have offered 
to teach me if they were here. The thought left a bad taste in my mouth.
Rather than dwelling on the past, I focused my attention on the task at hand. I owed it 
to Ellie to be present for her.
Let’s try kicking things up a notch.
With a wave of my arm, I conjured a current of fire that began twisting and shaping 
itself into the form of a huge, flaming bear. The ground where its legs touched sizzled 
from the heat as I willed my creation to walk toward Ellie.
Boo, who had been watching from beside me, tilted his head in curiosity at the flaming 
beast. Some of the noble kids let out gasps and their instructors shushed them and 
tried to explain what I was doing.
“Your offense is good, Ellie, but what happens when a spell that you can’t just shoot 
down with arrows comes at you?” I called out.
Ellie just grinned confidently as she drew her bow. A shimmering, white arrow 
manifested nocked to the bowstring. Just before she loosed the mana arrow, a slight 
undulation rippled across the shaft.
The arrow shrieked as it flew toward my fiery copy of Boo. I had expected Ellie’s spell 
to simply pierce through harmlessly, but as it impacted my spell, the entire arrow 
exploded in a ray of light, dispersing the flaming beast.
I blinked. “That was—”
“Impressive? Superb? Jaw-dropping?” my sister finished, her eyes twinkling.
“Not bad. It was not bad,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“Mhmm.” Ellie put on a dignified air, trying unsuccessfully to hide her self-satisfied 
smile.
As the day went by, I moved on from conjuring elemental targets to testing her body’s 
defenses. Ellie’s ability to conjure a protective layer of mana over her body was 
flawless, and fast enough to rival some of the upperclassmen I had seen at Xyrus. Due 
to her unnaturally intricate control of her mana, she was able to layer mana over 
specific portions of her body almost instantly and create a fairly durable protective 
panel.
I put the scabbard of Dawn’s Ballad, which I had been using to spar with Ellie in close 
range, back inside my dimension ring. “Did you learn close-quarters combat with your 
bow from Helen too?”
My sister plopped down on the ground, sweating and panting. “Yup… I read a couple 
books that helped too.”
“Most archers carry around a dagger or even a light sword for close combat,” I mused. 
“But since your archery doesn’t depend on you drawing an arrow from your quiver 
and nocking it before firing, learning how to fend off a few attacks in order to give 
yourself some space for a quick shot was the right decision.”
“Your compliments seem… somewhat dull,” my sister said in between breaths.
“Because that wasn’t a compliment. Don’t get ahead of yourself,” I said, smirking. 
“We’ve only been drilling for a few hours. Your stamina needs improvement.”
“That’s… not even fair,” Ellie huffed.
“What your brother means to say is that he’s very proud of your growth,” Sylvie 
comforted Ellie with a smile.
“Woah, no verbally expressing my thoughts!” I protested in mock outrage.
“This was rigged from the start, anyway.” Ellie stuck out her tongue. “I mean, how can 
you dodge an arrow fired at point blank range—repeatedly.”
“White core—Lance—I better be able to dodge a few arrows at least, right?”
My sister narrowed her eyes. “You didn’t even break a sweat.”
“You’ll get there with enough training and experience,” I replied.
Ellie glanced to Sylvie before looking back at me. “Speaking of getting enough experience, 
I was wondering if I can maybe… you know…”
I raised a brow. “I know… what?”
“N-never mind,” my sister muttered.
“Ellie,” Sylvie chimed in, shaking her head. “Just say it.”
“Does this have anything to do with what you two were talking about before I came 
back from my… meeting?” I asked.
“I want to start helping out in the war!” my sister said, unable to look me in the eyes.
Even though I saw this coming, my heart still sank.
‘Arthur… ’ Sylvie sent, feeling my emotions.
“You said it yourself—thought it yourself—that I was a lot better,” my sister continued 
when I didn’t answer. “I’m confident that I’m better than a lot of the soldiers that have 
been assigned to squads. I’m okay with being in the reserves and since I’m an archer, 
I’d be in the rear anyway so—”
“Ellie,” I interrupted, kneeling down so I was eye-level with my sister.
With a wave of my hand, a barrier of wind surrounded the four of us. I didn’t feel 
comfortable having others listening to family conversations.
“I’m not saying no, but I’m also not sure if I’m allowed to make this decision for you. 
Mom and Dad aren’t here, and to be honest, we haven’t exactly been on the same track 
these days,” I said.
“You guys still haven’t made up since you left to go train?” my sister asked, concern 
laced in her voice.
“You knew?”
“I’m young, not dumb,” my sister said, frowning.
“Right. Sorry.”
I looked at Sylvie, who simply gave me an encouraging smile. Letting out a sigh, I gave 
in. “How about we go on a mission together? If you do well, I’ll give you my blessing. I 
can’t speak for Mom or Dad, but I won’t hold you back on it.”
“Okay!” Ellie beamed. “Thank you.”
‘That was very fair of you,’ my bond approved.
I shot Sylvie a smile before standing back up. “Anyway, since that’s out of the way—
Sylvie, it’s your turn.”
Although my bond had the appearance of a little girl even younger than my sister—if 
you disregarded the horns sprouting out from her head—she was still an asura.
After having the guards clear out our small audience, none of whom appeared 
interested in continuing their training regardless, I began pouring mana into the large 
mana crystal responsible for powering up the defensive mechanisms within the 
training grounds. A low hum reverberated throughout the cavernous room and the 
walls and ceiling glowed dimly.
I allowed my sister to stay with us in the training room, but I had her stay near the 
entrance, behind Boo, in case one of our spells accidentally flew in her direction.
“Do I really have to stay this far away when you two are just practicing? I can hardly 
see you, even with mana-enhanced sight!” Ellie complained as she peeked her head 
out from behind the huge bear.
Ignoring her, I continued to stretch, taking extra time to stretch out the muscles of my 
legs.
“Are you not going to stretch? Do you even need to stretch?” I questioned my bond, 
who was standing perfectly still, watching me.
“Considering I can barely use this body for basic daily functions, I’m a bit hesitant to 
try anything more,” Sylvie replied, frowning.
“Better to practice now than in the middle of battle, right?” I countered, balancing on 
one leg as I stretched my aching thigh.
Sylvie huffed but did as I suggested. She attempted to mirror my pose, only to stumble. 
After a few more minutes of her wild gesticulations, frustrated sighs, and the 
occasional tumble as we went through a series of stretches, we began our training.
“So, how do you want to go about this?” I asked. Having only seen her use her dragon 
form to fight alongside me, I had no idea how she planned on fighting in her humanoid 
form.
“Stay still for a bit,” she replied, raising her arm and pointing an open palm in my 
direction.
My eyes widened in surprise as a missile of light flew from her palm, but I quickly 
coated my hand in mana and swatted the missile away.
“A mana arrow?” I looked at the shallow cut on the side of my palm. Despite the spell’s 
similarity to Ellie’s mana arrows, Sylvie’s attack was much more dense—almost solid.
“Ellie’s use of elementless mana gave me a few ideas on how to best take advantage of 
my traits,” she answered, sending another arrow of mana my way.
This time the arrow—or more accurately, the harpoon, considering the size of the 
shining projectile—moved in a slight arc rather than in a straight line.
I made no attempt to block or dodge the incoming spell this time. Instead, coating my 
hand in a thick layer of mana, I snatched Sylvie’s mana harpoon out of the air.
The speed of her spell jerked my arm backwards, but I held on firmly. I had expected 
the projectile to disperse immediately, but it remained in my hand even while I 
gripped down on it with a force sufficient enough to shatter stone.
Although Sylvie may have gotten the idea for her attack from watching Ellie, the 
composition of the two spells couldn’t be more different.
The raw power of the spell isn’t that high, but in order to pack so much mana this densely 
into this form so quickly…
My mind wandered off as I contemplated the possible applications of my bond’s magic. 
By the time I looked back at my hand, the mana arrow had disappeared.
“Mana manipulation for dragons is limited to pure mana only, right?”
“If you don’t take into account my race’s ability to manipulate aether, yes,” Sylvie said. 
“Although there’s something else…”
“What is it?” I asked, curious.
“I’m not quite sure myself. Having spent some time in this form, I’ve been able to get a 
better grasp of my core, yet there’s a part of it that I still can’t seem to access,” she 
answered.
“Maybe you’ll be able to access it once you grow stronger,” I said. “For now, let’s see 
how versatile your control over pure mana is.”
I launched a dozen fire arrows with a swing of my arm. The streaks of fire fanned out, 
converging on her from all sides.
A shimmering barrier of light enveloped Sylvie, and for a moment I lost sight of her as 
she was engulfed in fire and dust. Once the flames died out and the dust settled, I could 
see her standing at the center of a scorched patch of dirt, arms crossed. She yawned.
“Try to create individual panels to block each projectile,” I barked out, sending another 
wave of fire arrows.
Sylvie’s brows knit in concentration as she managed to conjure a large sphere of pure 
mana from her palm that separated into multiple panes to block my spells.
By then, though, I had already closed the distance between us and had the broken 
blade of Dawn’s Ballad pressed against her arm. Rather than flesh, my blade met a 
patch of black scales that appeared from beneath her skin.
Despite my attack’s failure, Sylvie seemed genuinely surprised by my follow-up.
I sheathed my broken sword and waved her over to provide my evaluation. “Your 
control over pure mana is excellent, and, considering how dense your spells are, it 
seems your mana reserves are quite large. Your body innately provides good physical 
defense even if you are a bit slow.”
Although Sylvie held in her smile, I could tell through our mental link how proud she 
was feeling.
“Still, I don’t think your attacks are strong enough to threaten retainers and Scythes,” 
I continued. “What else have you noticed about this form compared to your draconic 
form?”
Sylvie thought for a moment. “My innate defenses are a bit weaker in this form. You 
held that strike back, but if you had attacked me seriously with Dawn’s Ballad, I 
would’ve lost a limb.”
“Good to know.” I nodded. “Anything else?”
“My control over mana is better in this form, but my dragon form allows me to utilize 
more of my mana in a single breath—albeit a more unrefined form,” my bond 
explained, twirling several orbs of mana around her hand as if to emphasize her point.
“I see,” I muttered, taking a few steps back. “There are a couple more things I want to 
test out, Sylv. Can you conjure a square pane in front of me?”
I could feel her curiosity flare up, but I hid my intentions as best I could.
With a twitch of her wrist, the spheres of mana that had been orbiting her hand shot 
out and converged into a bigger orb before flattening out into a square.
“Keep it stable,” I ordered, cocking my fist back. I punched Sylvie’s panel of mana, and, 
while it trembled from the impact, it stayed where it was.
“What about distance? How far out can you conjure a spell and keep control over it?”
In answer, Sylvie stretched out a hand and willed away the panel of mana I had just 
punched. The spell rounded out into a bubble as it hurled toward the back wall of the 
room. Sylvie then closed her outstretched hand into a fist, suspending the orb in 
midair.
“Move it left,” I said, concentrating on the shining orb.
Upon Sylvie’s direction, the orb easily darted left, stopping just before it hit the wall.
“Bring it back, change it into an arrow.”
I led Sylvie through a series of exercises, gradually adding more orbs for her to 
manage. We kept going until there were ten orbs, five of which I had instructed Sylvie 
to change into flat panels. By the end of the drill, Sylvie was sweating profusely, but I 
had a pretty good idea for how we were going to coordinate in battle.
Four days passed in the blink of an eye. I spent a majority of the time in the training 
grounds, drilling with Ellie and Sylvie until they were both mentally and physically 
drained. It was a great change of pace for me as well, and I felt my control over the 
mana being refined by my white core steadily improve. While Sylvie had yet to unlock 
more of the abilities hidden away in her core, and we hadn’t had the chance to practice 
any sort of coordinated fighting together, she and my sister still improved greatly 
under my scrutinizing tutelage. After our morning drills—target practice for my sister 
and multitasking with mana spheres for my bond—we took a break.
Sylvie, Ellie, Boo, and I rested near the grassy patch beside the pond, eating sandwiches 
provided by the castle cooks.
“Hey, Art,” my sister said as she absentmindedly picked the vegetables off her 
sandwich. “What would you say are the biggest drawbacks of fighting using pure 
mana? From what I’ve seen while watching you and Sylvie practice, her spells seem 
really versatile, even against all your elemental attacks.”
“Stop picking them out and just eat it,” I chided, gently slapping her hand. “And to 
answer your question, I can think of three big reasons why most mages prefer to use 
magic of their elemental affinity rather than just pure mana spells. First, it uses up a 
lot of your mana reserves.”
“More so than elemental spells?” Ellie interrupted.
“Pure mana can only come from your mana core, which—as you know from 
experience—is time-consuming to gather and purify. Elemental magic does use mana 
from your core, but it’s also powered by the ambient mana that surrounds us,” I 
explained.
Ellie’s brows furrowed as she tried to wrap her head around the concept. “I’m not sure 
I follow.”
I thought for a moment, trying to come up with an appropriate analogy. “Ah, so it’s 
kind of like this. Imagine I’m on top of a snowy hill and I’m trying to hit you, at the 
bottom, with a snowball.”
“Why am I the one getting hit?” she frowned.
I looked at her with a deadpan expression. Sylvie chuckled beside me as she tossed a 
sandwich to Ellie’s drooling bond.
“Okay, okay. Please continue.”
“A mage using elemental magic would first make a snowball with his hands, but 
instead of just throwing it, he would roll it down the hill so that the snowball picks up 
more snow from the ground. By the time it hits you, the snowball is the size of Boo,” I 
continued.
Upon hearing his name, Boo let out grunt, looking at me expectantly. When no treats 
were forthcoming, he turned his attention back to Sylvie, who was the only one feeding 
him.
“Now, a mage using a pure mana spell of the same power will have to make the 
snowball and pack it with more and more snow until it’s the size of Boo, then throw it 
at you. See the difference?”
“That sounds like a lot of work,” Ellie admitted. “Okay, what are the other reasons?”
“It’s harder to effectively control pure mana once it’s been expelled from your body, 
and”—I willed a field of stone spikes to shoot out from the ground a few dozen yards 
from where we sat—“unlike what I did just now, pure mana spells must originate from 
the caster.”
I could tell from the look on my sister’s face that the proverbial light seemed to have 
lit up in her head.
“Anyway, since we’ve had a break, why not continue a little longer?” I suggested, 
getting up.
“Yes!” Ellie agreed, bolting up as well. “Hey Sylvie, can you do what you did earlier and 
make those moving panels? I want to try to hit them!”
“Sure. If you shoot some mana arrows off course, I can practice reacting as well!”
Feeling more content than I had in awhile, I watched the two run off together. Past 
them, the doors to the training room opened and a single guard came running in. 
Judging from his expression, I knew whatever he had to tell me wasn’t good.
Sylvie’s and Ellie’s eyes followed the guard, who stopped in front of me and saluted 
before speaking.
“General Arthur! News of a massive corrupted beast horde has come from the Wall. 
Commander Virion is currently waiting for you at the dock with a team of mages.”
CIRCE MILVIEW
Stooping, I dipped my swollen, dirty hand into the cold stream, relishing the soothing 
sensation of the icy water on my skin. I scrubbed the grime from my hands and 
forearms, then my face. Sitting on the bank, I jerked my boots off, then peeled my 
stinking socks free of my aching feet and plunged them into the stream. It felt heavenly.
I had told the others a rinse in the stream would revitalize us, but Fane just rolled his 
eyes and Maeve said it wasn’t worth the risk. Dicathian patrols had passed within a 
stone’s throw on three separate occasions over the last two days, and the she-demon 
elf had twice flown over our heads. Maeve was right, of course, so I had felt a little bit 
guilty when I dropped lightly from the tree we’d made our camp in. I had waited until 
everyone but Cole was asleep, and he didn’t argue when I ducked away.
Cupping my hands, I scooped up the clear water and poured it over my cracked lips 
and into my mouth, which had felt like it was full of cotton for days. It was the first 
moment of relaxation I’d had since entering the elves’ awful forest. It was impossible 
to feel entirely at peace, however. My senses pushed out as far as my crest would allow, 
straining through the enchanted mist.
I jumped when I sensed a figure approaching from behind me, but it was only Cole.
“Want a turn, eh?” I whispered, smiling wryly. “Fine, I’ll head back to the tree and keep 
watch. Can you keep the barrier up from here?”
Cole stopped, giving me an embarrassed sort of shrug. “No, but I—well, I wanted to 
come make sure you were okay…”
I wiggled the naked toes of my left foot in his direction. “Are you sure you weren’t 
sneaking over here to steal a peak at my exposed bits, Cole?”
I felt his pulse rise and sensed rather than saw the flush that spread across his face. 
Much too loud, he said, “No, Circe—I’m sorry, I never meant to—”
I shushed him, glancing around us with wide eyes, feeling suddenly foolish for coming 
to the stream by myself. We were completely exposed there, and who knew how well 
those pointy elven ears could hear. Like a child afraid of the dark, my pulse raced and 
I yearned suddenly for the warmth and comfort of home and family. “I’m sorry, I 
shouldn’t have teased you,” I said, keeping my voice low, “and we shouldn’t be here. 
Let’s get back to the others before they realize we’ve left them asleep and unguarded. 
Fane will skin me alive if he finds out I tempted you away from your post.”
Cole just nodded and turned back toward the camp, clearly too embarrassed to speak. 
I quickly pulled my sweat-stiff socks back over my clean feet and slipped into my 
boots. Cole moved slowly, letting me catch up. I watched his feet as we walked. If only 
my crest let me sense what is happening in his head, I thought. I had no interest in the 
older soldier romantically, but neither did I bare him any ill will. We needed him, and 
we all needed to focus on the mission.
Distracted, I didn’t immediately notice as another figure, approaching from behind, 
entered into the range of my senses. My breath caught in my throat and I grabbed Cole 
by the shoulder. He turned, mouth open to speak, but the look on my face stopped him 
dead. Fear roiled through me like a wildfire in my veins and I froze like some stupid 
prey animal that’s caught the smell of a predator. Move, dolt! I snarled in my mind, but 
the most I could manage was a glance behind us into the fog.
I felt the dampening pressure of a shield being conjured around me, followed by the 
snapping of wood as an arrow shattered six inches in front of my face. By the time I 
had flinched back from the shower of splinters, two more arrows had impacted the 
barrier.
The fear burned away the paralysis and I burst into motion. “Run!”
Side by side, Cole and I darted through the trees. Every few seconds I would hear the 
sound of an arrow impacting the shield, but Cole held it firm. There were three elves, 
and they were gaining on us quickly.
I led them back to our camp tree. It was risky, but Cole and I couldn’t outpace them, 
not in this forest. Our only hope was that Fane and Maeve had heard the yell and would 
be prepared when we reached them.
Cole began to slow as we approached the tree, perhaps intending to attempt a frantic 
climb up to our companions, but I pulled him along. We ran past, directly under the 
branches where, thirty feet above, Fane and Maeve slept. I could sense their 
movement; they were awake, at least.
Seconds later, Fane leapt from the branches, crashing down atop the lead elf, his long 
spear piercing the elf from her shoulder all the way to her hip. The second elf had been 
following too close to stop and had run full speed into Fane’s back, sending them both 
tumbling, but the third jumped aside, turning his nocked arrow toward Fane as the 
Striker rolled to his feet, a dagger gleaming in his hand.
Cole and I threw ourselves to the ground behind a large tree, and I watched 
breathlessly with my expanded senses as Fane launched himself at the elf. Our Striker 
was fast, but so was the elf. The arrow struck Fane near the shoulder, glancing off his 
breastplate and lodging in the meat of his neck. The elf had given up his chance to 
dodge in order to take the shot, though, and slumped to the ground with Fane’s dagger 
between his ribs.
The last Dicathian soldier bolted, certainly trying to escape and find reinforcements, 
but a jet of green light lanced through the mist and caught him in the back. He dropped 
dead not ten feet from where Cole and I lay panting in the dirt.
“Fane’s hurt,” I whispered to Cole, standing up and offering him my hand. “Come on.”
Maeve was still making her way down the tree as we approached. Fane glared at me 
as he snapped the tail off the arrow protruding from his neck and pulled the shaft free, 
staining his hands crimson. Blood poured down his neck.
“What the fuck happened?” He snarled, one hand pressed over his wound.
“I—”
“Explanations later,” Maeve said, having just dropped out of the tree. She threw me a 
leather bundle. “Patch that up as best you can. Cole, get a barrier up, as wide as you 
can. I’ll see what we can do about these bodies.”
“There’s a ditch over there,” I said, pointing. “Deep enough for—for three bodies.”
Cole sat at the base of the tree and conjured his two-layered shield while Maeve 
dragged the corpses away one by one. Clumsily, I bandaged Fane’s wounds. This was 
made more difficult by his constant need to turn and glare at me, but I was able to stop 
the bleeding. Maeve had just returned from depositing the third corpse into the ditch 
when I sensed them.
“Oh no,” I groaned.
“What now?” Fane asked, following my line of sight out into the darkness.
“Two more figures. Approaching cautiously.”
“The barrier won’t be enough to hide us if they’ve already detected the traces of 
magic,” Cole mumbled, his brow knit in concentration.
“Go,” Fane ordered, looking at Maeve. The Caster held his eye for a moment, then 
nodded.
“Wait, what?” Perhaps it was the stress and the exhaustion, but I was having trouble 
following along. “What are you going to do?”
“He’s going to lead them off,” Maeve said somberly. “Give us a chance to escape. Fane’s 
the only one fast enough to keep ahead of them.”
I wanted to say something, to apologize, but he was already jogging off through the 
trees. Wordlessly, Maeve started in the opposite direction. Cole and I shared a brief 
look full of guilt and remorse, then followed.
“Maeve! I need a break,” I gasped in between ragged breaths.
Maeve, who had been pulling me by the arm, stopped suddenly, and I stumbled 
sideways to avoid colliding with her when she let me go. Cole, who had been running 
desperately to keep up with us, went to one knee, panting. Maeve pointed up at a large 
tree. “Let’s take cover here.”
Fatigue weighing down my body, I needed Maeve to hoist me up the tree, and Cole 
barely managed to push himself up onto the lowest branch. The strenuous task of 
climbing up high enough in the tree to stay hidden took us several arduous minutes.
When she was satisfied, Maeve leaned back against the trunk of the tree, her legs 
dangling in the air. We remained silent. After a short break to catch our breath and eat 
a few strips of dried meat, Cole set a barrier around us while Maeve cycled mana.
As for me, I knew what I had to do, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it. Instead I turned 
to where Cole and Maeve sat and asked hesitantly, “Do you think Fane made it?”
Maeve opened one eye—just one eye—but the anger burning in that eye like a hot coal 
made me wince. Cole shuffled over and sat between Maeve and me so we weren’t in 
direct eye contact.
“Circe, can you use True Sense yet?” Cole’s voice was soft and gentle, but he wouldn’t 
meet my gaze. Damn it. Everything we’d worked for—the entire war effort in 
Elenoir—was at risk because I wanted to dip my toes in the water. If Cole hadn’t 
followed, if he’d stayed and kept up the barrier like he was supposed to, I wouldn’t 
have been distracted. I’d have seen the elves sooner. I could have sneaked back to 
camp; once I was inside of the barrier, they would have lost me. We would have—but 
no, I was the one to leave first. I couldn’t blame him to save myself. That wasn’t the 
Alacryan way. Focus, Circe.
I closed my eyes and ignited my emblem. For a moment, as I felt my consciousness 
leaving my body, I was tempted to use my limited time in this form to search for Fane. 
If I could just see that he was still alive—
Snap out of it, Circe. Focus on the mission!
I navigated through the debilitating fog using True Sense and locked in on multiple 
elements this time. In the distance, I could see a cloud of the rich ambient mana 
particles.
We’re almost there!
Though I’d had True Sense active for only moments, I couldn’t hold it. I released the 
spell and let out a deep breath. Slowly opening my eyes, I found both Cole and Maeve 
staring at me intently.
Despite the guilt and fatigue pressing down on me, I gave my companions a small grin. 
“We’re almost there—just a couple more days.”
We took turns to sleep an hour each, then crept out of our tree had hurried along. I 
found myself hoping that another Sentry would succeed in charting a path. I wasn’t a 
war hero. I wasn’t battle-hardened like the others, who had trained for years to fight 
as a team, to support and protect one another and kill their enemies. I had barely 
graduated before I was recruited for this mission. A few weeks ago, before stepping 
through the highly unstable portal that brought me to Dicathen, I was packing up my
belongings, ready to go home to my blood.
Lost in my thoughts, I stumbled on a tree root and pitched forward. Thankfully, Maeve 
was able to grab my arm and stop me from falling flat on my face.
Unable to speak, I nodded my thanks, but Maeve’s demeanor was cold. She’d mothered 
me since the moment I joined the team, but now she was treating me like a failed pupil. 
I was sure that she’d turn to me at any moment, shake her head, and tell me how 
disappointed she was and how she expected me to make better decisions in the future. 
Despite the mollycoddling, I now found myself eager to please her, and the sting of her 
disappointment was difficult to shrug off.
She’s not your blood, Circe, I told myself. Who gives a damn if she’s disappointed, as long 
as the mission is successful. You have to survive. You have to survive for your brother.
I repeated those words in my mind like a mantra. The great Vritra would save my 
brother and bless him with magic if I succeeded. I’d kill ten thousand elves if I had to 
just to give my brother that chance. I’d fight the elven she-demon by myself to prove 
to the Vritra that the Milview blood was worth it.
I was roused from my reverie by the sensation of two figures entering into the range 
of my perception. I held out an arm with two fingers extended to stop Maeve and Cole 
as well.
They understood the signal and we immediately started up the closest tree. Unable to 
strengthen my body like Cole and Maeve, I struggled to reach even the lowest branch. 
In my rush, my foot slipped on a moss-covered root and I pitched headfirst into the 
trunk. The resulting dull thud sounded like an explosion within the quiet forest. My 
heart stopped and the bottom dropped out of my stomach; I hardly even noticed the 
throbbing pain in my forehead as I waited, breath held, for any response. It took a 
moment before I noticed the dull pressure in my ears and the slight blurring of the 
details around us; Cole had already conjured a barrier.
Great Vritra, that was close! I thought, making a mental note to thank Cole.
“Here!” Maeve said, reaching down for me.
I quickly grabbed the Caster’s outstretched hand and, with her help, pulled myself up 
onto the branch. My heart, which had a moment before seemed stopped forever, now 
felt as if it were about to break out of my ribcage, and I was having difficulty controlling 
my breathing, but I didn’t have the time or luxury to gather myself.
Maeve had already climbed up a few feet higher. I followed, using the same handholds 
and footholds she used to climb up the tree while Cole took the rear.
The three of us had to be extremely careful as we traversed the giant tree. Although 
we were protected by the barrier, falling leaves or sticks would still give away our 
position.
My arms ached and my legs trembled, half from fatigue and half out of fear. I 
desperately wished my mark allowed some form of body enhancement, but I knew 
hoping for that now was pointless.
Finally, we stopped climbing. The branches this high up were too thin to support our 
combined weight, so we each sat on our own tree limb and hugged the trunk in order 
to lessen the burden on our seats.
Cole prepared to strengthen his barrier but stopped on my signal.
“I’ll tell you when they’re close enough,” I whispered. We needed his barrier at its full 
power if they got near, and I knew he was too tired to hold it for long.
As the two presences approached us I narrowed the focus of my crest until I was able 
to faintly hear the two elves talking.
“We should head back, Albold. We’ve already strayed far enough from our survey 
route,” one voice said.
“Just a second,” the second voice, apparently “Albold,” replied dismissively.
“We’re miles away from the last sighting,” the first voice insisted. “No way that 
Alacryan could have made it all the way out here. You probably just heard a hare or 
something.”
What does he mean by the last sighting? I wondered.
“It wasn’t really a sound,” the elf named Albold said as he continued approaching the 
tree in which we were hiding. “It was more like an inkling.”
“I swear, if you weren’t a Chaffer, I would’ve just left,” the first grumbled. “Three 
soldiers dead in a ditch, and you want to wander around just the two of us. Maybe we 
should signal for General Aya…”
“No need to bother the General,” Albold said dryly. “It’s just one damned Alacryan. How 
the hell did they manage to make it this far north?”
Fane is alive! I thought, pleased despite myself. He was a pain in the ass, but I sure felt 
better when he was around.
Prying myself away from the perceptions of my crest, I turned to Cole and nodded. He 
nodded back and tightened his veiling barrier to encompass just the three of us. 
Decreasing the area of effect strengthened his magic and allowed him to add two more 
layers of barriers.
I ignited my crest once more and focused all my magic on the two elves. They were 
less than twenty feet away now.
Cole and Maeve were as still as the tree we were perched on.
Holding up both my hands, I mouthed “ten feet” to my teammates.
The snap of a twig nearby made me stiffen. Cole and Maeve were both focused intently 
on the ground below us.
Then we saw them—two elves. One had long hair tied tightly behind his neck while 
the other had cropped hair and ears slightly longer than his comrade. Unlike the longhaired elf, who was looking around aimlessly, the short-haired one kept his head down 
as he walked.
The latter slowed his pace, his focus still on the ground.
Please, just keep walking. Please.
Suddenly the elf’s head jerked left. He looked at the base of the tree, at the moss on 
the root—the moss I had slipped on.
The fear that I had been pushing down bubbled up into my chest, threatening to 
swallow me.
Please.
The short-haired elf stopped walking and his head turned up until I could make out 
his face, until I could see the color of his eyes—two gray orbs that seemed to be looking 
directly at me.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“I’m going with you!” Ellie yelled from behind me.
I stopped in my tracks and the guard beside me halted as well. Turning, I met my 
sister’s determined gaze. I wanted to tell her that it was too dangerous, that she was 
too young, that she could be hurt, that she could die… but I bit my tongue.
“You promised, remember?” Ellie’s tone was resolute, eager, and a little afraid.
‘Afraid you’ll leave her behind, not of the mana beasts,’ Sylvie prodded.
“A massive horde of corrupted beasts,” I muttered softly.
“You’ll be with me,” Ellie said, as if that was any guarantee. “And I’ll have the protection 
of the Wall.”
‘I understand your dilemma, but this is a good opportunity,’ Sylvie added. ‘I’ll be with her 
as well, and casting arrows from the top of the Wall is little more than target practice 
for her.’
But what if the beasts break through? I thought, looking down at Ellie’s upturned face.
‘I know you won’t let that happen,’ she answered with a soothing wave of confidence.
The guard beside me shifted impatiently, his armor clattering. “General Arthur…”
“We’re going,” I stated, heading quickly for the exit, the nervous guard on my heels.
Looking back over my shoulder, I called, “What are you waiting for, El? Let’s go.”
Ellie visibly brightened as a contagious smile blossomed on her face, and she followed 
after me at a full run. “Come on, Boo!”
Immediately outside the training grounds waited an unfamiliar mage with a large, 
sparrow-like bird perched on his shoulder. After making eye contact, he respectfully 
inclined his head. “Greetings, General Arthur. I am Officer Julor Strejin. A member of 
my squad surveying the Beast Glades was the one to spot the horde. I will be briefing 
you of the situation at the Wall.”
“Officer Julor,” I acknowledged with a nod.
Without wasting any time, the officer began informing me of everything I was 
expected to know. Two other mages—both highly-accomplished adventurers before 
joining the army—would be accompanying us to the Wall as additional support. Our 
best estimate of the size of the horde was somewhere close to twenty thousand beasts. 
Although a majority seemed to be from D-class to B-class, several A-class and even 
some S-class mana beasts had been spotted.
“Unfortunately, we weren’t able to get too close because of the Alacryan mages, but 
we’re certain there are at least a dozen S-class mana beasts,” Julor stated solemnly.
I looked back at Ellie. “A dozen S-class mana beasts… and the fact that they’re 
corrupted means they’ll be even stronger and fiercer than normal.”
Ellie’s face paled but her expression remained firm. “I’ll be okay.”
My determined, talented, yet sheltered sister had never seen a mana beast except for 
the tamed bonds in Xyrus. I doubted she could even fathom how overwhelming an Sclass beast was, yet I was leading her straight toward not one, but a dozen such 
creatures… along with many thousands of lesser beasts.
‘They’re only mana beasts, Arthur,’ Sylvie thought, attempting to comfort me with 
soothing emotions.
I know, I know, I thought, some of my worry soothed by her calm assurance.
I turned to Julor. “Any signs of retainers or Scythes, Officer?”
“None,” he replied confidently. “Which was why Commander Virion deemed that 
sending a single Lance was sufficient.”
“How long until the horde reaches the Wall?” I asked.
“At their current pace, we expect them to arrive in no more than two days’ time,” he 
answered, glancing apprehensively at Sylvie and my sister. I could tell he wanted to 
say something, but he held his tongue.
We marched on in silence until we reached the dock, which we found to be quiet and 
subdued compared to the normal noise and bustle of the workers. Virion waited with 
a small entourage while several assistants strapped saddles onto giant hawk-like 
mana beasts.
“Arthur!” Virion called out. His once-cheerful disposition had faded, instead replaced 
by war-weary eyes. Beside him stood two mages, and a few attendants behind them.
“Commander.” I saluted while walking up to the old elf.
“I’m sure Officer Julor informed you of the situation, so let me quickly introduce you 
to the two mages I’ve chosen to support you at the Wall. This is Callum Hembril. He’s 
young, barely past thirty, but already an accomplished fire conjurer in the solid-yellow 
core stage.”
The chestnut-haired mage stepped forward, his long, coiled bangs covering his 
forehead. He wore an inquisitive look that he quickly covered with an amiable smile. 
“Callum, as introduced by the commander. Pleasure.”
Virion gestured with a thumb toward the figure a few feet behind Callum. “This big lug 
here is a dark-yellow core augmenter, but he’s been fighting in the Beast Glades for 
over forty years.”
The barrel-chested man, who was almost a foot taller than me and twice my girth, was 
covered from the neck down in heavy plate armor that glowed faintly. He had short 
hair and his lower face was dark with stubble. His piercing gaze seemed to be 
assessing every inch of me as he stretched out a hand. “Gavik Lund.”
I shook his hand, which looked almost as wide as Boo’s paws, before turning back to 
Virion. “So, what’s the plan? Judging by those mounts, I assume we’re traveling by air?”
“Mhmm. Those are Callum’s and Gavik’s mounts,” Virion confirmed. “The closest 
teleportation gate is in Blackbend City, and the train hasn’t yet been fully finished. It’s 
fortunate that the castle’s location is relatively close to the Wall.”
I turned to Sylvie. “Do you think you’ll be able to carry Ellie while holding Boo?”
Boo let out a moan of protest, obviously understanding what I meant.
“If the trip isn’t too long, I’ll be able to manage,” Sylvie answered, ignoring my sister’s 
giant bond.
“Wait, the little kid and her pet cub are coming along?” Gavik asked with a scowl. 
“Commander, is that wise? There will be a massive army of mana beasts.”
“She’s an adept conjurer that’ll be valuable to have stationed on the Wall,” I cut in. “And 
since when was it okay to refer to a general’s sister as a ‘little kid’?”
Gavik blanched, despite being about three times my age and twice my size.
“My… my apologies,” he muttered. “Didn’t know she was your sister, General Arthur.”
Virion’s brows were knit in worry, but he didn’t comment on Ellie going with me. 
Instead, he waved over the attendants who were standing behind him. They 
approached, carrying a large wooden chest with runes etched into its entire surface. 
“Anyways, before you leave, I’ve prepared a little something for you. It’s not much, but 
I think wearing something a bit more eye-catching might help with morale at the Wall.”
Virion placed a hand on the lid and the runes lit up before opening with a click. Several 
compartments popped out of the chest to reveal an entirely new outfit for me.
“Jand, Brune, help the General get dressed,” Virion ordered. Before I could protest, his 
attendants grabbed me and led me to the side of the room where a dressing stall had 
been conveniently set up beforehand.
The man, Brune, immediately began undressing me while the lady attendant, Jand, 
started working on my hair. After brushing it, she tied the back neatly and trimmed 
my bangs.
I should cut my hair soon, I noted. My hair had grown long enough to reach past my 
shoulders. If it wasn’t for my height and relatively broad shoulders, I could easily have 
been mistaken for a girl from the back.
‘And from the front,’ my bond added, her thoughts invading into mine. ‘You’re prettier 
than some of the noble females I’ve seen in the castle.’
I groaned internally. Yeah… I should definitely cut my hair soon.
As soon as my hair had been tamed, they got to work on the outfit. I wore a black, highcollared shirt that conveniently covered the burn marks on my neck, which I had 
gotten from the first retainer I had fought against. I brushed Brune away and pulled 
on the trousers myself. They felt surprisingly thick despite their lightness, and were 
fit so that the thin, dark-gray greaves could comfortably slip over my shins.
The attendants then strapped matching bracers over my arms and handed me tight, 
fingerless gloves.
“What, not going to help me find the finger-holes of my gloves?” I quipped. “I’m not 
sure I’m up to it, honestly. I might get my thumb in the pinky hole and then all would 
be lost!”
“The last touch, General Arthur,” Brune announced, ignoring my jibes. He carefully 
draped a waist-long mantle lined in white fur across my shoulders.
While the appearance of the outfit was a tad over the top, what with its intricate 
trimmings and the engraved armor on my shins and forearms, Virion knew precisely 
what sort of armor would best suit me. While protection was minimal, the bracers and 
greaves would allow me some form of defense while leaving my movement unimpeded.
I walked out of the dressing stall, enjoying the sense of freedom and lightness the new 
clothing provided. Callum and Gavik had already hopped onto their mounts, ready to 
depart.
“Ah! Much better,” Virion said with an approving nod.
“Where’d my brother go?” my sister teased as she looked around the room.
I rolled my eyes, making my way back to the commander, who was wearing a gray, furlined coat that fell just below his ankles over his usual loose robe. “You really like your 
furs.”
“That mantle is an old piece of mine that I wore back when I was younger,” Virion said, 
his eyes growing softer as he regarded the clothing. “Although it doesn’t look as good 
on you as it did on me, I’ll let you have it.”
“Thank you for the outfit,” I said, moved by the gesture.
He gave me a serious look. “Thank me by keeping the Wall from falling.”
“Yes sir.”
One set of large bifold doors opened, letting in a constant rush of wind, and the floor 
below us slowly extended outward into the open air. I motioned for Sylvie and my 
sister to follow and we made our way toward the edge of the castle.
“I forget sometimes how high up the castle is in the sky!” I yelled over the rushing 
wind. It was a beautiful sight; a sea of clouds rolled along below us, with occasional 
gaps revealing the untamed landscape of the Beast Glades far below.
“Tell me about it! At least we can’t see how far up we are because of the clouds below,” 
my sister shouted back.
I burst out with a laugh and winked at Ellie. “Just be sure to hold onto Sylvie tightly!”
“I won’t drop you,” my bond reassured her.
Boo groaned pitifully, more a whimper than his usual throaty growl.
Sylvie shook her head. “I won’t drop either of you.”
Callum and Gavik whizzed by on their mounts. The tamed mana beasts dove off the 
edge of the dock before reappearing into view with wings spread out, wobbling 
slightly in the wind.
“Let’s go!” I shouted as I conjured a shroud of wind around my body.
Sylvie began glowing as she transformed into her draconic form. “Jump up, Ellie!” she 
shouted, her voice an octave lower than it was before.
I watched the obsidian dragon sail above the clouds with Ellie on her back and Boo—
looking distinctly grumpy—in her clawed hands.
Using the sound of Ellie’s screams as the cue, I jumped off the edge as well, following 
the rest.
How are you holding up? I asked my bond, who was slowly losing speed.
‘It seems that, despite all of my magical and physical capabilities, I wasn’t designed to be 
an efficient mode of transport,’ she replied, looking down at the large bear dangling in 
her arms.
Several hours had passed since our departure, and, besides the gorgeous views of the 
sky and clouds, it was a boring journey. We had settled into a comfortable pace, 
heading southeast with Callum and Gavik leading just a few dozen yards ahead. After 
my sister’s initial excitement—and Boo’s terror—had died down, the two had fallen 
asleep.
Ahead, Callum and Gavik dipped suddenly, leading their avian steeds below the sea of 
clouds, which had become dark and stormy gray below us.
We’re almost there. You’ll be able to get some rest once we land, I conveyed to my bond 
before following after Callum and Gavik.
The shroud of wind I had cast over my body kept all the moisture from the clouds off 
of me and my clothing, but Ellie wasn’t as fortunate. As I watched Sylvie descend 
through the thick layer of heavy clouds, which looked even darker from this side, I 
couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight of my sister now wide awake, dripping wet, and 
grumpy. Boo’s thick fur was drenched and matted down to his skin, making him look 
scrawnier than I had imagined.
I tried to catch my sister’s eye to tease her, but her gaze was glued far below, mouth 
agape.
‘Arthur, look down,’ Sylvie sent, and her sudden concern washed over me like a wave.
Far below was a writhing sea of black and gray, made up of what could only be the 
corrupted mana beasts. We were over a mile above ground, well out of range of any 
attacks the beasts could make against us, but already I could feel the suspense building 
for the inevitable battle.
Callum and Gavik had both stopped their descent to behold the sight below, exchanging 
concerned glances with one another every few seconds.
Seeing the enemy before us, my heart beat like a smith’s hammer, my blood boiled in 
my veins, and my hands trembled at my sides.
‘Arthur. You’re smiling.’
We arrived at the ground level of the Wall, where a small welcoming team was waiting 
for us around the designated landing podium.
Sylvie dropped a grateful Boo to the ground, and Ellie slid down off her back.
“Ahh—oof!” my sister let out as she fell into my arms. “Couldn’t you have used wind 
magic to like—I don’t know—gently float me down to the ground?”
I looked down at her with a smirk. “I thought all girls wanted to be carried this way at 
some point in their lives.”
“Gross,” Ellie groaned as she rolled out of my arms, landing deftly on her feet. She 
looked around as she rung the water from her clothes, only to blush fiercely at what 
she saw.
‘Arthur,’ Sylvie, now returned to her human form, nudged mentally from beside me.
There was a crowd forming, silent and expectant. Callum and Gavik had already 
handed their mounts off to the beastkeepers and were awaiting orders.
Ellie straightened her posture, trying to appear dignified, her cheeks still red from 
embarrassment. Boo drew himself up beside her, attempting to look fearsome. The 
damp still clinging to them both somewhat undercut their efforts, though.
“General Arthur,” a familiar voice called out; Captain Trodius Flamesworth, with both 
Albanth and Jesmiya beside him. Upon making eye contact, the three of them inclined 
their heads respectfully.
Rather than addressing the captains first, I swept my gaze through the crowd. Most of 
the people appeared to be the merchants or laborers who worked within the Wall, 
rather than soldiers.
You should’ve stayed in your draconic form, Sylvie.
‘They’re staring at you, not me,’ my bond responded with a faint smile.
To keep the morale up, these people had likely not been told how large the enemy 
force was, but even then, many wore worried expressions. It seemed my presence 
hadn’t done much to fill them with confidence; my age worked against me at times like 
these. There was even some mumbling about whether or not I was really a Lance.
I let out a heavy breath and ignited Realmheart. Power surged through my limbs and 
the world drained of color, aside from the mana particles that lit up around me. While 
the glowing runes across my body were covered by my clothes, the change in my hair 
and eyes was enough to stun the crowd.
Gasps resounded through the crowd and many people’s knees quaked and buckled, 
unable to bear the pressure of my aura—even though I was holding back.
“While my presence in this fortress may prove unnecessary, I hope to expedite our 
victory with as little loss to our forces as possible,” I stated, my head held high.
The people in the crowd erupted into cheers and shouts as I walked toward Trodius 
and the two captains beside him.
Color returned to the world when I suppressed my dragon will, and I knew that my 
hair faded back to its normal auburn color.
“Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth.” I held out a gloved hand. “I didn’t think I’d have 
the pleasure of meeting you again so soon.”
The senior captain shook my hand with a tired smile and waited as I repeated the 
same gesture to the other two captains.
“General,” Jesmiya said curtly.
Albanth removed his armored gauntlet and shook my hand vigorously. “General 
Arthur. Pleasure to have you here.”
“Let’s head to the meeting room,” I suggested, matching my pace to Albanth’s. Since he 
was in charge of the Bulwark Division, whose main duty was to defend the wall, I 
decided to address my sister’s place in the coming battle immediately. “My younger 
sister would like to contribute in this battle. Her skills as a magic archer should be of 
use to your troops. If you’d like to test her out—”
“No need for that, General. A Lance’s word is plenty enough for me and my men,” 
Captain Albanth responded resolutely. “I’ll also have my most capable soldier guiding 
her.” Without stopping, Albanth beckoned for a messenger and had him fetch the 
guard.
“I don’t need a babysitter, you know,” my sister complained, walking just behind me. “I 
still have the pendant you gave me, remember?”
Ellie pulled out the Phoenix Wyrm pendant I had gotten her for her twelfth birthday, 
courtesy of the artificer Gideon.
“I’ve let you come on this mission as promised, but you’re not allowed to complain 
about me taking extra precautions,” I chided. “That pendant only works once and it’s 
not something I can easily acquire again.”
By the time our small group had arrived at the familiar meeting tent, the soldier who 
had been summoned by Albanth was already there.
“Stella,” Albanth called out. “This is General Arthur’s younger sister—”
“Eleanor Leywin,” my sister finished with a salute.
“Eleanor Leywin. She’s a capable magic archer, and I’m leaving her under your direct 
care. Make sure she’s properly equipped before taking her to the top level.”
If Stella was discontent with being stuck protecting my sister, she did a great job of 
hiding it. Her scarred face was expressionless, her posture ramrod straight as she held 
her helmet in one hand and a mace in the other.
“Yes, Captain,” the soldier barked, clicking her armored heels. “Please follow me, Lady 
Eleanor.”
“Please, just Eleanor, or even soldier is fine,” my sister mumbled as she followed after 
Stella.
“My apologies for asking you to give up one of your soldiers to guard my sister like
this. She was rather adamant about serving and I thought the Wall would be a safe 
place to start.”
“Normally, I’d agree with you,” Albanth responded, “but with the size and strength of 
this beast army approaching, I can’t say that for sure.”
After everyone had settled into their seats around the table, we started the strategy 
meeting. Those present were Senior Captain Trodius, Captain Jesmiya, Captain 
Albanth, Callum, Gavik, Sylvie, and I.
“Let us begin by discussing our own troop numbers, locations, and make-up,” Trodius 
began. “Once everyone at the table”—he glanced at Sylvie and me—“understands our 
current troop distribution, then we may move on to battle strategy and tactics.”
With a silver croupier’s rake, the senior captain began sliding markers around the 
large map spread out on the table.
“Each large marker represents one thousand troops, and small, one hundred. Does 
this look about right?” Trodius confirmed with Jesmiya and Albanth.
“Not including the freelance adventurers currently under my wing, we have just a bit 
shy of two thousand,” Albanth confirmed.
Jesmiya used her sheathed sword to move a few smaller pieces around in the territory 
of the Beast Glades. “One of my scouting units returned a few minutes before General 
Arthur arrived. The head will be joining us shortly to report.”
“Thank you,” Trodius said with a nod. “I expect we’ll see an influx of adventurers as 
word of this horde spreads, but the numbers won’t significantly change anything we 
may plan here. General Arthur, Commander Virion has often praised your strategic 
acumen. Would you like to offer a plan of action?”
I shook my head. “I’m unfamiliar with the inner workings of the Wall and its residents. 
I think it’d be best if you take charge, though I may offer some suggestions here and 
there.”
“Noted,” Trodius replied promptly before moving on to his plan.
While I bore little fondness for this man who had tossed his own daughter aside like a 
broken toy, I had to admit that Trodius’s efficient and callous nature was well-matched 
to his position of power.
The basic premise of his plan was to slay as many of the corrupted beasts as possible 
before they reached the Wall. This meant that there would be several units sent out as 
cannon fodder, out of range from the mages stationed on the Wall.
Trodius moved pieces around the map to indicate four units that would take a more 
roundabout path in their approach to the beast horde.
“Our main advantage against the approaching enemy is that they do not appear to 
have a strategy beyond fielding overwhelming numbers, with only a few Alacryan 
mages to herd them in place,” the senior captain stated, moving two large pieces on 
either side of the Wall. “Thus, while we send in a steady stream of soldiers and 
augmenters from the Bulwark Division to impede enemy movement, two units of the 
Trailblazer Division will move out early and get in position to flank from either side.”
The senior captain paused for a moment before speaking again. “With concentrated 
attacks coming from three directions, by the time the beast horde is in range of the 
mages at the Wall, the conjurers—with the help of General Arthur—should be enough 
to finish it off.”
Captain Albanth looked blatantly dissatisfied with the plan to send his soldiers to 
certain death, and Captain Jesmiya thoroughly studied the map for a better alternative.
Something feels off, I thought, puzzling over the map.
‘While the lives of the soldiers sent outside the Wall aren’t cheap, this plan seems fairly 
reasonable,’ Sylvie rebutted, staring at the map as well.
No, not that.
“General Arthur? Is something the matter?” Trodius asked.
“Huh?” I looked up to see all three of the captains, as well as Callum and Gavik, staring 
at me.
The senior captain pointed at my right hand. I had been tapping my finger unconsciously 
on the table.
“My apologies. I was just thinking.”
Trodius’s brow twitched. “If you are dissatisfied with the plan that I have suggested—”
“No, it’s not that,” I interrupted, raising my hand. “Whether this is a good or bad 
strategy, I’m not quite sure yet. However, I feel like this attack will most likely be their 
last on this front.”
“What do you mean?” Captain Albanth asked.
“The Alacryans have been sending a steady stream of corrupted beasts to the Wall, 
herded along by their mages, and, while effective—thinking from a strategic 
standpoint—that isn’t a feasible long-term strategy,” I answered. “Captain Jesmiya, 
you’ve stated that your troops have cleared out most of the dungeons that the 
Alacryans used to hide their teleportation gates, correct?”
She nodded slowly. “Yes. The few gates that my troops have found recently have 
already broken.”
It was common knowledge that the Alacryan teleportation gates in the Beast Glades 
were rather limited in the number of times they could be used. Even some of the more 
stable ones that the Trailblazer Division had found were deemed too unstable to safely 
cross. The fact that the Alacryans had to take a gamble each time they wanted to send 
their troops to Dicathen spoke volumes about their leaders’ ruthlessness.
“Having very few gates available for the Alacryans to slip into Dicathen, it’ll be nearly 
impossible for those that have already made it through into the Beast Glades to receive 
supplies,” I continued.
“With how untamed the lands are there, they’d be busy just trying to survive once they 
run out of supplies,” Gavik added.
“Which is why I feel they might be devoting everything they have into this last attack,” 
I finished, studying the map with furrowed brows.
“Not that I don’t agree with you, General Arthur, but how does that change our current 
predicament?” Trodius asked impatiently.
I circled our current location on the map with my finger. “It means that we might have 
to rethink our plan of sacrificing soldiers to keep the Wall fully intact.”
Albanth spoke up. “If it means not having to send my soldiers in a single-file line to 
their deaths, I’m all ears, General Arthur.”
“As am I,” Jesmiya agreed.
“A moment, please,” Trodius cut in. “While I am all for preserving as many of our men 
as possible, I’d like a plan that isn’t based on a feeling.”
“Fair.” I eyed the senior captain for a moment before continuing. “This is speculation 
on my part as well, but my stance is that keeping our men alive is imperative. In this 
phase of the war, we need to be flexible, and having living soldiers we can divide and 
reallocate in future battles will be of greater use than an immovable wall.”
Trodius’s eyes narrowed. “We would be risking a vital structure in the defense of both 
Sapin and Elenoir, one which took over a year to fully complete, General. If the Wall is 
in shambles, what happens when an Alacryan army attacks shortly after the beast 
horde?”
“Would a fortified wall hold off mages better than mages themselves?” I retorted. 
“Captain, I’m not saying we should just forfeit the Wall. I’m suggesting we sacrifice 
parts of our fortress as opposed to our men.”
After a moment of silence, Trodius slid the silver rake he had been using to maneuver 
the pieces on the map over to me. “Please continue.”
Accepting the gesture, I stood up and began moving the pieces around while everyone 
else looked on curiously. “So here is what I had in mind…”
I drove the pommel of my practice sword into my opponent’s wrist, and his longsword 
clattered to the ground at my feet. “Your movements are too stiff. You need to loosen 
your shoulders and wrists until the last moments of your swing. If you can’t do that, 
the sword you’re using is too heavy for you.”
The young soldier shook his armored hand, grimacing. “Thank you for the advice.”
“Next!” I called out, looking over the few dozen soldiers standing in line, waiting for a 
chance to spar with me.
A burly woman clad fully in plate armor, holding a buckler in one hand and a 
shortsword in the other, walked up and dipped her head to me before stepping back 
into an open stance, her buckler held out and shortsword behind her right foot.
A dense layer of mana enveloped her body while tendrils of wind swirled around her 
blade.
“Same rules apply,” I said, raising my thin, saber-like sword. “Attack me with the intent 
to kill; I need to see what you can do.”
With a determined nod, she dashed forward, displaying tremendous speed for 
someone weighed down by a full set of armor. She attacked with a simple horizontal 
swing, the reach of her blade extended by the wind-attribute mana imbued within the 
weapon.
I deflected her sword upwards and thrust my palm at her sternum, but the woman 
was quick enough to raise her buckler in time to block my strike. The force of the shove 
threw her off balance and she stumbled back a few steps.
“If you’re already hesitating, this match is over,” I said with a sigh.
“I’m not sure what you mean, General. I was able to block your counter successfully!” 
the woman responded, her brows knit in confusion.
“It doesn’t matter. Even if you had landed that initial slash, it would barely have made 
a scratch on an augmenter or a mana beast.” Anticipating her question, I went on. 
“Why? Because your weight was already on your back leg before you even swung.” Her 
eyes turned toward the ground, but I beckoned her forward.
“Again,” I ordered.
She approached me once more, positioning herself carefully. Just when I thought she 
had perhaps gotten cold feet, she lunged forward with a wind-enhanced thrust of her 
shortsword.
I turned my head slightly to the left, letting her blade pass within an inch of my cheek. 
It was a feint, I realized, intended to put me off balance so she could bash me with the 
buckler.
I let the full force of her buckler hit my arm and spin me to the right, opening up my 
left side for another attack. Rather than continue her assault, however, the soldier 
stepped back and raised her guard.
“Why did you stop?” I asked, dusting off my mantle. “You knocked me off balance, had 
me in a vulnerable position. You have your armor and buckler to make up for small 
mistakes, you need to attack aggressively.”
The soldier was quiet for a moment, but when she answered, her voice was confident. 
“I was wary that you were preparing for a counterattack.”
“If I wanted to counterattack, I would’ve done so before you hit me with your shield, 
not after,” I retorted. “Your equipment and your fighting style are total opposites of 
each other. Your footwork, attacks, movements, and feints all point to a speed-type 
augmenter, but your armor, shield, and even sword are made for a heavy-hitter, an 
augmenter who will throw themselves into the middle of the fray and shrug off the 
damage. I’m not sure if you’re doing this to confuse your enemies or confuse yourself, 
but pick a style, because you’re going to get tired real fast out in battle if you try to 
fight like a skirmisher in all that armor. Next!”
Quite a few soldiers—those who had been relieved of their posts to take a break, 
mostly—had lined up to spar against me. A few of the merchants and tradesmen not 
currently preparing for evacuation had gathered as well and were chatting animatedly 
about the show I was putting on.
So far, I had exchanged only two or three moves with each opponent before landing 
what would be a fatal blow, then provided a few pieces of advice to each soldier about 
their performance.
As a new soldier stepped forward into the stone ring I had conjured, Sylvie’s voice rang 
in my head. ‘I thought you said you were going to try and get some rest before setting 
out?’
I looked around to see her descending the nearby stairs, Gavik and Callum on either 
side of her. I couldn’t fall asleep, so I figured I’d warm up my body and train a few soldiers 
while I’m at it. How was your trip up to the top of the Wall? Is Ellie doing okay?
My bond grinned as she walked up to me. “Ellie is adjusting pretty well. When I went 
to see how she was doing, she was busy practicing how to shoot from the edge of the 
Wall with a few other soldiers. One looked around her age too.”
I looked up at the towering wall, surveying the bustling activity. “That’s good.”
Gavik approached the stone ring. “Captain Albanth and his troops are busy tearing 
down most of the support beams holding up the underground passages. Captain 
Jesmiya is relocating her troops around the ends of the Wall, but”—the burly 
adventurer paused, shifting from foot to foot—“is it really necessary for you and Lady 
Sylvie to go by yourselves?”
“No offense to you or Callum,” I said consolingly, “but are you confident in fighting 
alongside us, keeping up with a Lance and a…” I paused, having almost said the word 
dragon out loud, “and Sylvie? I don’t want to have to worry about accidentally killing 
you.”
Gavik looked back at the curly-haired conjurer behind him. Both mages wore stoic 
expressions when they turned back to me. “Yes.”
“Listen, I know Commander Virion sent you out here to assist me in the Wall’s defense, 
but I doubt he meant for you to go into battle next to me. Just stay here.” I dismissed 
them with a wave of my hand.
I could hear Gavik grind his teeth even from where I was standing, but he turned on 
his heel and led Callum away, weaving in between a throng of workers filing past, 
undoubtedly headed to the underground passages.
“We could’ve used their help,” Sylvie said, watching the two adventurers disappear 
into the crowd. “And they seemed really determined to go with us.”
I motioned for the soldier waiting on the other edge of the ring to approach and fell 
into a ready stance.
Gavik has a daughter that looked to be about my age—or even younger, if the picture on 
that pendant is recent. I saw him sneak in a kiss after the meeting, I explained to Sylvie 
while redirecting a wild thrust from my opponent.
Sylvie burst out with a surprised, half-stifled laugh from behind me. ‘And here I was, 
thinking how cold my bond has been to these poor soldiers. It seems like you’re getting 
better at keeping your thoughts from leaking into mine.’
A man’s got to be able to keep a few secrets, I joked, my saber pressed against my 
opponent’s nape.
“If I’m not wrong, you’ve had a significant injury on your right side in the past, which 
is why you favor that side of your body. You fall for every feint to the right, leaving your 
left side open. Next.”
“Mind if I have a go?” a familiar voice called out from my left.
Sylvie and I both turned towards the source of the voice; a flood of elation poured 
through our mental link as she dashed off.
“Tessia!” Sylvie cried, throwing her arms around the elven princess.
I smiled at the sight of the two of them. Tess hadn’t changed much since the last time 
we met. Her gunmetal-gray hair was dark and heavy with lingering moisture, and her 
turquoise eyes seemed to shine with their own inner light. I could tell at a glance that 
she had matured as a soldier though. Time down in the dungeons was sure to harden 
any adventurer.
The surprised princess looked from me to the child currently wrapped around her 
waist. It wasn’t until her eyes focused on the horns protruding out of the girl’s head 
that she made the connection. “Sylvie?”
“No more sparring for today!” I called out. The disappointed crowd of soldiers and 
adventurers sheathed their weapons and dispersed, though I did notice a few jealous 
glances thrown at Tessia.
For a while, I stayed silent and listened as Tess and Sylvie talked. My bond had always 
had a deep fondness for Tess, even calling her “Mama” at one point in her life. I could 
tell Tess was still trying to wrap her head around the fact that the little fox she used to 
cuddle with like a pet was now standing in front of her as a human.
Tess and her team had reached the Wall an hour ago, having been pulled out of the 
Beast Glades ahead of the approaching horde. They had been sent straight to the inn 
to wash up and rest for the next leg of their journey, but, much like myself, my 
childhood friend couldn’t sleep, instead deciding to walk around the market area, 
which, of course, led her to me.
I was walking a few paces behind them when Tess looked back over her shoulder, 
eyeing me suspiciously. “What’s so funny?”
“Huh?” I replied stupidly, pressing my fingers to my lips. “Oh, I didn’t even realize I was 
smiling. “I guess Sylvie’s emotions are influencing mine.”
“You know, if I chose to take that the wrong way, it almost sounds as if you’re saying 
that you’re not happy to see me,” Tess teased.
“Unlike Arthur, I will wholeheartedly admit that I’m happy to see you,” my bond 
replied. “I just wish it was under better conditions,” she added, a twinge of unease 
growing in her mind.
“I agree, but I’m glad I was able to see the two of you before I head back out. I can’t get 
over how cute and pretty you look in this form!” Tess said, trying to comfort my bond.
The compliment had the desired effect, as Sylvie practically glowed as she replied. 
“Back when we were in Epheotus, my grandmother did tell me that I would grow up 
to be a very pretty dragon.”
“I’m not sure most people would describe a pitch black, twenty-foot dragon with 
gleaming yellow daggers for eyes as ‘pretty,’” I interjected.
“Is this how you two always talk inside your heads?” Tessia asked, her turquoise eyes 
glinting.
“We’d been getting along fairly maturely until you showed up, Tessia,” my bond replied. 
“Your presence must be affecting Arthur.”
I rolled my eyes. “And there’s that snide little attitude I’ve missed so much.”
Sylvie simply shrugged, and the three of us continued to walk aimlessly around the 
lower levels of the Wall. Workers, blacksmiths, artificers, and soldiers alike went out 
of their way to greet Tess as we passed by them.
“You’re looking prettier than ever, Princess! A sight for sore eyes in these parts!” a bald 
blacksmith shouted as he waved a pair of tongs he had been holding in our direction.
“I’m going to tell your wife you said that,” Tess replied with a mischievous grin. Sylvie 
and I chuckled as the old blacksmith snorted with laughter and turned back to his 
work.
A young girl covered in soot sprinted toward us, shouting, “Head Tessia! Head Tessia!” 
She had to pause for a moment to catch her breath, then said, “My master has a new 
set of armor for you that she’s been working on in—” The girl seemed to catch herself, 
moved closer to Tessia, and said very quietly, “in secret…”
Tess’s face lit up at the girl’s words. “Oh! Tell Senyir that I’ll be by to visit her later 
tonight! Thank you for the message, Nat.”
“Anytime!” The little girl beamed, her white teeth radiant against her soot-stained face. 
Seeming to notice me and Sylvie for the first time, she tilted her head in a slight nod, 
then scurried off.
“As expected of Tessia,” Sylvie said with adoration.
“Since I’m part of the Trailblazer Division, I don’t get to spend as much time here as 
I’d like, but I’ve still got to know a few people here and there,” Tess explained as we 
continued on.
“Still, they treat you so kindly,” Sylvie said thoughtfully. “Most of the people we meet 
regard Arthur with either awe or fear.”
“Well, seeing the head of a unit is one thing. Seeing a Lance as young as Arthur would 
elicit a different sort of feeling,” Tess said, glancing back at me. “I have to say, he does 
look more like a real Lance with his sleek new outfit.”
“Still,” Sylvie sighed. “He could make do with some improvements to his interpersonal 
skills.”
“You know I’m walking right behind you, right?” I cut in.
Tess giggled, and by the warm fuzziness growing inside me, I could tell that Sylvie was 
really enjoying herself.
When we reached the steep set of stairs leading all the way to the top of the Wall, Tess 
stopped. Stealing a glance at me before turning to my bond, she asked, “Hey, Sylvie. Do 
you mind if I steal Arthur away from you for a bit?”
Hugging Tess one more time, my bond headed up the Wall as we waved her off. The 
guards let her through the gate to the upper levels, and she walked out of sight.
‘Try to have some fun while you’re with her, Arthur,’ Sylvie thought in my mind. ‘Don’t 
think about all these other things for a bit.’
“It’s surprisingly easy to get used to Sylvie in that form,” Tess said, turning to me.
“Well, if it weren’t for those huge horns on the sides of her head, she’d just look like an 
unassuming little girl.”
“Those horns are pretty adorable though. But anyway”—Tess pointed in the direction 
of the merchant area and gave me a warm smile—“shall we be off?”
“After you… Princess,” I said, bowing and gesturing for her to take the lead.
It was an odd feeling, walking through the market, talking and laughing with Tess as if 
we weren’t about to go into battle against thousands of monstrous, corrupted beasts 
that wanted nothing more than to kill everyone stationed here.
The atmosphere was entirely changed from my last visit to the Wall. That underlying 
tension I had seen had boiled over as outright fear. Many of the stalls we passed were 
closed down, some emptied, their owners likely having taken their wares and 
evacuated, others simply buttoned up as the merchants sought shelter before the 
approaching horde. Some few brave—or foolish—vendors sat next to their stalls, 
quietly offering their services to the few folk moving in the streets around us.
I watched Tess from the corner of my eye as she turned left and right, the wide smile 
never leaving her face as she kept up a continuous stream of conversation. It was a 
rare feeling, the comfort I felt while standing next to this girl that I had spent so many 
years of this life with; thoughts of my responsibilities as a Lance and general weren’t 
a priority.
That was when it struck me: This role that I had accepted for the sake of Dicathen had 
been slowly turning me back into the man I was in my old world. There were some 
differences, of course. I had people I truly cared for in this world, but, in a sense, that 
made it worse. I felt like I had to be better—to make no mistakes—if I wanted to keep 
them alive.
“Has being apart from me for so long finally made you realize how pretty your 
childhood best friend really is?” Tess teased, drawing me out of my thoughts.
“Actually, yes,” I replied earnestly.
Not expecting that sort of reply, Tess blushed all the way to the tips of her ears.
“I—I see. Well it’s good that you know now,” she said, clearing her throat. “Hey, there’s 
this place just over there that I’ve always wanted to try, and it looks like they’re still 
open. Come on!” Tess pulled me by my arm, leading me toward an isolated cart where 
a handful of adventurers had gathered. The smoky scent of herbs and spices mingling 
alongside the savory aroma of grilled meat bombarded my senses, causing my 
stomach to grumble and my mouth to water.
“If it tastes as good as it smells, maybe I should make your grandfather hire him as a 
chef inside the castle,” I answered, only half-joking.
“Tempting, but I’d feel bad for all the people who look forward to eating here,” she 
replied.
As we stepped up to the cart, a short, stout man appeared behind it. He pushed two 
bowls filled with a steaming stew of meat and vegetables across the counter with a 
smile.
“It’s not much, but stew’s on the house tonight,” he grunted. “No one should have to 
fight on an empty stomach.”
“Thank you,” I said, reaching down for the piping hot stew as Tess did the same. “But 
we’d like to offer you something. Are you sure we can’t pay you for the meal?”
The stand owner nodded seriously.
Holding the bowl up to my nose and breathing in the mouthwatering smell, I couldn’t 
help but wonder how many meals I might miss after this one once the fighting started. 
“Regardless, thank you for the treat,” I said, nodding my head to the cook.
The portly old man clicked his heels and saluted, which pulled up his shirt to reveal a 
bulging stomach. “No, thank you, General.”
After returning our respects, Tess and I wandered away, enjoying the soup as we
meandered, no destination in mind.
“Looks like bringing you along does have its perks,” Tess said as she used a wooden 
pick to skewer a piece charred meat dripping with sauce. After taking a bite, her eyes 
closed and a look of serenity settled across her face. “Mmm, so good!”
“You’re probably the only person I know who’d regard a Lance as a perk, Tess,” I said, 
taking a bite as well. The stew was so delicious it made the extravagant dishes served 
in the castle seem bland by comparison. Despite my mental barriers, the flood of 
flavors on my senses was strong enough that even Sylvie felt my satisfaction.
‘You better save some for me,’ she sent, a tingle of curiosity laced in her thought.
Sorry, I don’t think I can promise you that, I replied, taking another bite.
Despite the foreboding of the coming battle, I felt more at peace in that moment than 
I had since… since I fell down into the depths of Widow’s Crypt and found Alea Triscan, 
the Lance who I replaced after she died in my arms, I thought, suddenly melancholy.
I was grateful to Tess, who kept me engrossed with stories of our time together in 
Elenoir and Xyrus Academy. We shared small, kind words with the few folk we saw in 
the market streets and stopped at every open stall we passed. She laughed at the 
smallest things, and I found myself constantly looking forward to her reactions.
In a way, her bright and sometimes childish attitude seemed so admirable. She was 
responsible for an entire unit. She spent days, sometimes weeks, out in the Beast 
Glades, fighting against the dangerous corrupted beasts there. But still she was able 
to find joy in even the simple things around her, and her positivity radiated from her, 
spreading to all those around her.
Tess’s hand slowly approaching the bowl of stew that I was holding brought me back 
to reality. “If you’re not going to eat that…”
I snapped the dish out of her reach just as the skewer in her hand attempted to spear 
one of the few remaining chunks of meat I had been saving. “You wish.”
“As expected of a Lance,” Tess said, pouting.
I rolled my eyes. “Yes, because it’s imperative for a Lance to learn how to defend his or 
her food from treacherous allies.”
I held out a piece of meat on my own skewer. “Fine, here.”
Her eyes visibly brightened as she got on her tippy toes to bite the meat off of my 
skewer. “Sho good!” she moaned around the mouth full of food.
We walked on in silence for a while, each lost in our own thoughts. I could hear the 
hammering and grinding from the forge in the silence. No doubt the smiths were still 
toiling in the heat to make as many blades, axes, and spears as possible before the 
horde’s arrival. Elsewhere, I knew builders and miners labored to prepare my plan. 
The final preparations were likely being made within the medical tents: supplies being 
inventoried and organized, space being reallocated. If my mother were here, surely 
she would be there, wearing a stoic expression as she prepared for… but no, my 
parents would be a long way away, safe at Blackbend City. At least I didn’t need to 
worry about them right now, too.
When I noticed a confectionery where several colorful dough-like desserts were 
displayed, I pointed it out. “Do you want something from there? I haven’t seen anyone 
else selling sweets.”
“I’m okay, but Caria loves these,” she said, eyeing the bright desserts. “I’ll go by myself; 
just wait here, okay?”
“Yes ma’am.”
The old woman minding the stall looked at Tess hopefully, gesturing to her wares and 
saying something I didn’t catch. As Tess stood and gazed at the different flavors, I made 
my way over to a small booth nearby.
“Please sir, let me know if you see anything you like,” the young attendant exclaimed. 
He leaned forward and, in a lower tone, added, “My mum won’t let me close up shop 
until we make back what we spent on the spot, see?”
“I’m just looking around,” I answered, not taking my eyes off the display of trinkets 
and accessories laid out on top of the white cloth. “Actually, can I purchase this?” I 
asked, indicating a simple charm that had caught my eye.
“Of course! That’ll be one silver—ouch!” the kid yelped, looking back. “What gives, 
Mum?”
“What do you think you’re doing?” An older woman had appeared next to the boy, 
breathing heavily—I was suspicious that she had run back to the booth when she saw 
me browsing—and looking at me apologetically. “I’m so sorry, General. My boy here is 
a bit ignorant of the world.”
“But didn’t you say I had to earn another three silvers before we pack up?” the boy 
said, indignant. “If he’s some General, surely he can pay!”
That earned him another smack from his mother before she handed me the item I 
wanted to purchase. “Please take this as an apology for my son’s rude behavior. Again, 
I’m so sorry.”
“No problem at all, and please, I’d like to pay for it,” I insisted.
She waved her hand in dismissal. “Oh no! How could I possibly take money from a 
Lance!”
“Well, it’s a present, you see, and I’d feel better about giving it to the person if I’d paid 
for it,” I admitted.
“Is it that pretty lady over there with the silver—ouch! Mom!” The boy rubbed the spot 
on his shoulder where he’d gotten hit.
Chuckling, I tossed the kid a coin and thanked the two of them before walking back 
toward Tess.
“Wait! This is a gold coin!” the mother hollered.
Looking back over my shoulder, I held up the charm. “I just paid what I thought this 
was worth. It’s very well-made, ma’am.”
The lady stared at me for a second, stunned, then she bowed stiffly. “Th-thank you.”
I walked back to the confectionery just in time to witness Tess devour some sort of 
stretchy dough in a single bite. She looked at me guiltily, holding a piece out for me as 
well. “Do oo wunt shom too?”
“What happened to just buying it for Caria?” I teased.
As sunset neared and the bitter chill set in, the few people still in the streets began to 
head indoors. Tess and I made a quick stop by the inn, where Tess dropped off the 
desserts she had bought for Caria. The rest of Tess’s group was asleep, though, so I 
didn’t get to greet them.
“When do you leave for your next mission?” I asked, almost afraid of the answer.
“Later tonight,” she replied, eyes downcast.
“There’s a place I want to show you before you go then. Is that alright?” I asked with a 
hopeful smile.
Tess let out a breath as she took in the view. We had climbed to the spot on the cliff 
were I had come after fighting with my parents. The sun hovered over the horizon, 
casting a warm light over the Beast Glades.
“The view here is even better than from the castle,” she sighed.
“I agree.” I leaned forward, looking at the top of the wall and the many people moving 
around it. Though the streets may have emptied out, the Wall itself was still abuzz with 
activity. “I found it by chance, only been here once before.”
We sat side by side, our shoulders just barely touching. Tess shifted her gaze away 
from the scenery below us and looked at me. “I wanted to say this earlier, but it’s been 
a while, Art.”
I’m not sure if it was the way the red sun gleamed off her silky gray hair or how she 
tilted her head slightly so that the nape of her neck was exposed, but my heart felt like 
it was about to break out of my ribcage.
Unable to maintain eye contact, I turned away. “Where will you be heading off to for 
your next mission?”
“My unit, along with a few other elves from the Trailblazer Division, is being sent back 
to Elenoir tonight,” she answered.
“Because of the attacks by the Alacryans?”
“Yeah. There have been several recent sightings of Alacryan stragglers by our scouts 
stationed throughout the forest. It doesn’t sound too serious, but they’ve been 
requesting backup for a while now and Captain Jesmiya finally relented,” she explained, 
resting her chin on her knees.
“The captain had a difficult choice to make, especially with the beast horde 
approaching,” I said. “Although I’m sort of glad you won’t be here for this battle.”
Tess swatted my leg playfully. “While I may not be a match for a Lance, I recently broke 
through to the mid-silver stage.”
I hadn’t thought to check her mana levels, so this news caught me by surprise. 
“Congratulations. Truly.”
Tess’s shimmering turquoise eyes studied me for a moment, then she heaved a 
dramatic sigh. “I wonder when the mighty General Arthur, who is in fact younger than 
me, will actually begin to treat me as someone who can take care of herself.”
“I know you can take care of yourself,” I assured her. “I’m sorry if my words came off 
the wrong way. Spending time with you today made me realize how much older you’ve 
gotten.”
Tess inched away from me and turned to look directly at me. “Am I supposed to take 
that as a compliment?”
I scratched my chin, the wheels of my mind spinning uselessly as I struggled to put my 
feelings into words. “What I meant was, you give off a different aura now. I’m not 
talking about mana, although your core has improved, but more like—”
“I’ve gotten more mature?” Tess finished.
I let out a soft groan. “Yeah, that…”
Shaking her head at me, Tess turned back to watch the sun set, scooting back toward 
me just a little as she did so.
Memories of my last conversation with Tess came to my mind. It hadn’t been that long 
ago, but she seemed so different now—more mature, like she said.
That’s when I realized: The feeling of elation and joy I felt when I saw Tess wasn’t from 
Sylvie’s emotions flooding into mine, because I still felt it even now.
I reached into the inside pocket of my mantle where I’d stashed the charm I had 
bought earlier.
I liked Tess.
I had always liked Tess.
If it wasn’t for the fact that I was born with memories of my previous life as an adult, I 
might’ve confessed my feelings to her long before.
But how would she feel about me if she knew my secret? Would she react the same way 
my parents had? Would she feel disgusted—like I had when I first realized I liked her?
Doubt weighed down on me, and suddenly the tiny little charm in my hand felt like a 
lead weight.
“Thank you for showing me this place. I always thought of the Beast Glades as such a 
dangerous and bloody place. I didn’t realize how beautiful it could look.”
“That’s exactly how I felt. I love the view up here, but honestly this place is tied to a 
bad memory, so I”—I gripped the charm more tightly—“I thought coming up here with 
you might make it better.”
“Has it?” she asked, shifting slightly. “Made it better, I mean?”
“It has,” I said seriously. Summoning my courage, I held out my hand, gesturing for her 
to do the same, then setting her gift gingerly into her palm. It was a simple silver 
charm: two leaves laid over one another to form the shape of a heart. “I got this for 
you.”
“It’s so pretty!” she cooed, holding the charm up to inspect it. “Is this, perhaps, a 
reward for the great tour I gave you today?”
“No…” My tongue felt very heavy and my mouth very dry. “It’s—it’s because I like you.”
“Wait, what?” Tess’s eyes widened, her expression more disbelief than surprise. “I’m 
sorry, I was so wrapped up in your present, I must have misheard. I swear I thought 
you said—”
“I like you, Tess,” I finished with more conviction, pushing down the doubt still 
growing inside me.
Tess stood up, eyeing me like I was a merchant who was trying to swindle her. “What 
do you mean by ‘like’? I swear, Arthur, if you say you like me as a friend, or as a sister 
or something, I’m going to—”
“I like you as a…” I paused and let out a sigh. “I love you.”
Tess’s lips trembled and her eyes shined like stars as she tried to contain her emotions.
“I love you as a girl,” I assured her, standing and reaching for her hand. “I hope that you 
feel the same way about me and, well, maybe we can, you know, start a relationship —
together.”
“You’re lying,” she said breathlessly.
“I’m not.”
She sniffled. “Yes, you are.”
“Do you want me to be?” I asked with a slight smile, my hand hovering like a nervous 
bird above hers but unwilling to alight upon it.
“No, I—I don’t know,” she said, her head down. “It’s just—I imagined things going 
differently for us.”
“Differently, how?” I could feel how awkwardly the frozen smile sat upon my face, but 
I seemed to have momentarily lost movement throughout large parts of my body.
“I thought that I’d have to get stronger and prettier and older to wow you and sweep 
you off your feet,” she said, hitting me in the arm, and I had a sudden flashback to our 
time together as children in the city of Zestier. The tension shattered like glass, and 
suddenly we were six years old again, giggling and teasing each other because we 
didn’t know how else to express our feelings.
“Can I still look forward to you sweeping me off my feet?”
“Oh be quiet before I sweep you off your feet and down the mountainside!” she 
snapped, her eyes full of tears but her mouth twitching into an uncertain smile. She 
held up the leaf. “Put this on for me.”
I took the pendant back, but rather than undoing the chain clasp, I pressed the two 
ends of the leaves together. With a click, the silver leaves separated into two individual 
pieces.
Holding one of the leaves, I draped the silver chain around Tess’s neck. “Here. Half for 
you, half for me.”
After gazing at her own silver leaf for a moment, Tess untied a long leather cord that 
had been wrapped around her arm and took my silver leaf. She weaved the cord 
through the silver loop that made up the stem of the leaf pendant.
“Turn around,” she ordered, “and bend down just a bit, you’re too tall.”
I did as she asked and felt her move close behind me; my breath caught when I felt her 
reaching around me. She passed the leather cord from one hand to the other, pulling 
it carefully around my neck, and tied it so that the leaf dangled loosely against my 
chest. Then her arms were around my waist as she embraced me from behind.
“I love you too, idiot. But we’re at war. We both have responsibilities, and people that 
need us,” she said in a solemn whisper.
I wrapped my hands around hers. “I know. And I have things I want to tell you, so how 
about we make a promise?”
“What sort of promise?”
“A promise to stay alive—so that we can have a future together, a relationship… a 
family.”
Her arms trembled, but when she answered, her voice was steady. “I promise.”
Tess pulled her arms away, but I didn’t turn around. I stared off at the Beast Glades, 
my mind pulled violently away from our mountainside ledge, our conversation, even 
from Tess… In the gloom, I had almost missed the cloud of dust drifting up from behind 
a large hill only a few dozen miles away.
“It’s too soon,” I muttered. Beside me, Tess raised her hand to her mouth, stifling a 
gasp.
The reports were wrong; they couldn’t be more than a few hours away. The beast 
horde was coming.
CIRCE MILVIEW
I ran. It seemed as though my purpose, my entire function, had boiled down to running 
near-blind through this cursed forest. I sprinted in whatever direction my magic 
guided me. Without it, I was blind. Even if there was a moon tonight, I doubted its pale 
rays would be able to penetrate the dense canopy or the fog above.
Low-hanging branches scraped my cheeks and arms while thorny shrubs tore through 
my clothes. Next to the fire in my lungs and the knives piercing my every muscle, the 
pain was insignificant, but if I fell, all would be lost.
Every so often, I would see flashes of green light from Maeve’s magic, illuminating the 
trees and casting eerie shadows on the forest ground.
Maeve, Cole. Please make it out safely.
Running until the flashes of magical battle were barely visible, I skidded to a stop and 
took cover behind a thick shrub. I covered my mouth to muffle my gasping breaths, 
afraid that I’d be heard. Paranoia, doubt, and hopelessness threatened to overwhelm 
my will to go on.
You’re okay, Circe. You’re doing great, I told myself, wiping at the stream of tears that 
wouldn’t stop flowing. You have to survive. For your brother—for Seth.
After finally catching my breath and calming my nerves, I ignited my crest. Immediately, 
I could sense the location of the closest three-point array. It was farther away than I 
had hoped.
Unable to even curse aloud, I ground my teeth in frustration. Considering the distance 
between the arrays, just using mana wouldn’t be enough. It had to be strong.
Using my bare hands, I dug a small hole in the soft ground, then bit down on my thumb 
until I drew blood. Carefully, I let my blood drip into the hole, infusing it with the mana 
from my crest.
Purely by accident, I had discovered that using my blood as a medium for mana would 
amplify the effects of the array. Perhaps finding out why might one day begin my 
crest’s evolution into an emblem. If I survived long enough to return to Alacrya…
After my mana-infused blood had seeped into the small hole, I covered it up and 
moved on to a nearby tree.
Taking out my knife, I began carving a small hole underneath a low branch. I was about 
to put my bleeding thumb up against the hole when a sharp snap caused me to whirl 
around. I held the knife with both hands, pointing it toward the source of the sound 
and activating my first crest.
My senses expanded, covering a twenty-yard radius; it was just a small forest creature. 
I lowered my knife, frustrated at my own jumpiness. I was trembling, my back up 
against the tree, tears in my eyes again, but I clenched my fists, ground my teeth, and 
pushed the fear into a dark place at the back of my mind. Time enough to die when the 
job’s done, soldier.
Despite my best efforts, despite knowing the noise had been caused by an animal, I 
couldn’t focus. I was wasting time, but my instincts kept screaming, Check behind you! 
Check behind you!
“If someone was here, they would’ve killed me already,” I growled. It wasn’t a very 
comforting thought, but it was true. I was a Sentry—widely respected and valuable, 
but nearly defenseless compared to Strikers like Fane, Casters like Maeve, and even 
Shields like Cole.
Though the hairs on the back of my neck stood up, I forced myself around and, hands 
shaking, began the process again. After the second point was complete, I moved to the 
final tree to finish the three-point array. I knew that using blood as a medium for the 
array would take its toll, but I hadn’t been prepared for how weak I felt once the final 
point was in place. Despite the brisk winter air, which seemed even colder within the 
fog, I was sweating and my knees were close to giving out.
Got to move—almost there. Unable to mask my mana trail, I moved on. Fortunately, I 
wouldn’t have to use my blood again. I just needed to make sure I didn’t set the next 
imprint too far away.
A half-jog was all I could manage. In training, we’d often been made to run a sort of 
marathon where we alternated running and utilizing our power in a circuit, over and 
over until half the group had collapsed from exhaustion. I had hated those days the 
most, but now I understood. Without that conditioning, I would already be dead.
Have the others preceded me into the afterlife? I wondered. Annoying, motherly Maeve; 
foolish perpetual child, Cole; intolerant, wrathful Fane…
Cole would have fallen first, I knew. It was common with Shields; protection of the 
combat group was paramount, even to the very end. After Cole fell, Maeve wouldn’t be 
far behind. Casters were aggressive, entirely focused on offensive magic. Without her 
Shield to protect her, Maeve would be little more than target practice for the elven 
archers. Fane, though—he was a Striker and held an emblem. If any could survive 
blind and alone in the elves’ forest of death, it would be him. For awhile, at least.
My boot caught a knobby tree root and I pitched face forward into the dirt. Well, this 
is as good a place as any. Pushing myself up to my knees and igniting my crest, I got to 
work once more. Mana oozed painfully from my fingertips into the first point of the 
array. I was nearly drained of power. I could tell I wouldn’t have the energy to create 
many more arrays, but I couldn’t be sure how much farther the elven village was. I 
hadn’t been able to rest and use True Sight since the elf, Albold, had discovered us.
“Blood honor me,” I mumbled, performing the mental equivalent of squeezing a lemon 
to extract the last drops of power from within me as I formed the second point of the 
array. “Light guide me.” Dragging myself to a thin, white-barked tree, I began the third 
point. “Vritra protect me.”
It was as I completed the third point of the array that I heard it: footsteps hammering 
bullishly through the undergrowth. They were coming nearer. Using a low branch as 
a hand hold, I pulled myself to my feet and stumbled into a half-jog away from the 
three-point array.
Ahead of me, a large fallen log loomed suddenly from the fog. Using a nearby boulder 
as a step, I tried to jump over, but my legs didn’t have the strength. I caught the side of 
the log with my shin and pitched forward over the top, crashing into the brush on the 
other side. I couldn’t find the strength to stand again, so I lay in the dirt, the remains
of the bush I’d crushed stabbing into my back, and waited for the footsteps to find me.
Moments later, a form flew over me, vaguely person shaped, but I couldn’t tell if it was 
an elf or not. Whoever it was, they hit the ground running. They must not have seen me. 
As the thought flitted through my mind, the heavy steps faltered. Slowly, torturously, I 
turned my head to look in the direction of the figure. The fog obscured the person’s 
features, so I activated my crest—pain burned through me as I did—and pushed my 
senses outward. Fane.
“You look like shit,” I said as the blood-covered Striker slowly made his way back to 
me.
Falling to his knees at my side, Fane leaned into me, wrapping his arms around me and 
pulling me up into an awkward embrace.
“What are you—”
“Quiet, Circe. There’s no time. Can you run?” he asked, pulling me suddenly to my feet. 
He seemed reluctant to take his eyes off me, but eventually his wariness won out and 
he turned away, looking back over the fallen tree I’d failed to jump.
“I think so.”
Fane ignited his emblem. His entire body glowed and visible gusts of wind surrounded 
him like a whirlwind, lifting him off his feet. In his hand was a long spear with a sharp 
point that spun like a drill, whipping the still air around us into a gale.
“Then run. I’ll hold him off.”
Without another word, I turned and ran. I didn’t know who Fane was referring to, but 
from the way he had immediately ignited his emblem to its full power, I knew whoever 
it was must have been powerful.
It wasn’t long before I heard the sounds of battle behind me. The ground shook and 
the trees seemed to shudder in sympathy for their brethren being destroyed in the 
fight. More than once I was almost blown off my feet by a gale from behind me, but 
even then, I resisted the temptation to look back. Fane was doing his job; I had to do 
mine.
I kept going until my legs felt like lead. Every step seemed harder and harder to make, 
as if I was wading in a pool of tar. No matter how desperately I wanted to keep moving, 
my body had had enough. My feet were rooted to the ground, I couldn’t move at all. 
How far had I gone from the last array? It was hard to tell. Every yard felt like a mile, 
and my mind felt like someone had hammered out my brains, boiled them to broth, 
and poured the results back into my head.
“Idiot! Didn’t I tell you to keep running?” I hadn’t heard him approach, but I could tell 
Fane’s rough voice when I heard it. I never thought I’d be so happy to hear words 
coming out of his big, stupid mouth…
Without stopping, Fane dipped under my arm, allowing me to wrap it around his neck, 
and half carried, half dragged me along beside him.
“Fane. Y-your arm!” I moaned, wide-eyed.
“Not important,” he snapped. “I need you to focus on guiding me.”
I wanted to know what had happened, but now wasn’t the time. Pointing in the 
direction that True Sense had last shown me, I directed the veteran Striker toward our 
goal.
It was with mild surprise that I realized the sun was coming back up. We had been 
running non-stop throughout the night, and it was obvious that Fane was close to 
collapsing. He had to continually concentrate much of his mana on the stub where his 
left arm used to be in order to keep from bleeding out. The rest of his mana, what little 
he had left, was spent on reinforcing his body just to keep himself upright and moving.
“We’re almost there!” I said, pointing at an opening in the woods a few dozen yards 
away.
“Just a bit more… You need to focus everything you have on the three-point array. Do 
that and our mission is a success,” Fane huffed. “Can you do that?”
“I can.”
We stumbled to a stop and Fane dropped me on the ground. I assumed that the Striker 
wanted me to start on the array, but I was only half right.
Fane’s emblem glowed brightly underneath his shirt as he stepped in front of me. The 
spear once again formed in Fane’s hand, and he aimed it at an approaching figure—an 
elf. The same elf who had spotted us hidden up in that tree. It seemed like days ago 
now. Maeve and Cole had stayed behind to fight this elf…
If he was alive, that meant they’d met their end.
“Our lives are the light that will guide Alacrya to victory,” I muttered, forgetting for a 
moment about the array as the elf named Albold continued closing the distance 
between us. He looked injured and tired, but he was alive.
I heard an airy thwip, but before my brain could process what the noise meant, Fane’s 
wind spear had already moved, deflecting the arrow that was meant to take my life.
“Damn it, Circe, this will have to do. Make the array,” Fane hissed. “Now!”
Trusting Fane to keep me alive for the next few minutes, I ignited my crest one final 
time and imprints of the three-point arrays lit up like a map in my head. We had run 
too far from the last array; it would take blood to make this one strong enough to be 
seen. Drawing out my blade, I shakily drew the sharp edge across my forearm, letting 
my blood flow down into the soil.
The sudden clash of weapons just behind me startled me, but I refused to look back.
There was another thwip from behind, followed by a meaty thud. Fane let out a groan.
My hands trembled as I started the array.
Damn it! It’s not strong enough.
I tried to imbue more mana into the first point of the array, but so much was 
happening. From the corner of my eye, I could see the trees around us swaying. 
Another pained grunt behind me, but it wasn’t Fane’s voice. A sharp ache radiated 
from my crest, quickly growing more and more unbearable as I poured mana into the 
pool of blood on the ground in front of me.
I heard the bow loose another arrow, then found myself lying on my side, a blinding 
whiteness exploding in my head. Dully, I was aware of pain crawling up my arm like 
fire. I pushed drunkenly back up to my knees. My right hand wouldn’t move. The arm 
it was attached to was mangled beyond repair.
“The… array,” Fane croaked from behind me.
“I—I can’t,” I moaned. I couldn’t think; it felt like every inch of my right arm had been 
stabbed over and over again.
Blood pooled beneath me.
I knew it wouldn’t be long until I died. I almost wanted to die, but I had to think of 
Seth. He was waiting in a hospital bed back in Alacrya; he was almost dead as well. 
Even if I couldn’t live, shouldn’t he be able to?
Though I don’t know where I found the strength, I got back to my feet. Blood continued 
to flow freely from my mangled arm, but it was okay. I knew what I had to do.
“I hope you can forgive your sister… for not being able to make it back home,” I 
mumbled. “I’ll sleep with you in my heart—forever.”
I took a step to the side, creating a trail with my blood. The pain faded as my entire 
body seemed to go numb.
Fane came into view; he was barely standing and was dripping almost as much blood 
as I was.
Though neither of us could speak, Fane continued to protect me, using gusts of wind 
to deflect the glowing missiles that hissed through the air toward me while I made the 
array, strengthening it with my life’s blood.
I took another step, but I must’ve lost consciousness because I found the world turned 
on its side. Fane was still on his feet, holding off Albold and another elf with his spear, 
which had turned into a whirling wall of destruction.
Almost there.
I crawled, dragging my maimed arm on the ground to continue the bloody trail, but it 
was getting harder to see. I couldn’t have been unconscious for more than a second, 
but somehow an entire row of trees had moved, shifting out of the way to reveal a 
towering wall. And on the top of the wall were hundreds of elves, each armed with 
staves or bows. The staves were glowing in all sorts of colors, some green, some 
yellow, others blue. Hovering above them, a lone figure—the she-elf devil. She raised 
one hand and pointed at me. Blue energy gathered at her fingertip.
“Circe!” Fane yelled, snapping me out of my daze.
A desperate scream tore from my throat as I summoned every ounce of mana I had 
left through my crest. Drained of mana, energy, and blood, my body sagged like an 
empty wineskin, but that didn’t matter.
It had worked.
Every imprint I had left in the forest was now connected, and every Sentry waiting 
outside the forest would be able to sense the arrays. I had created a trail for our army 
to follow right to our enemy’s heart.
I couldn’t feel my face, but I hoped I was smiling as I stared up at the wall of Dicathian 
soldiers. I wanted them to see my expression so they’d know…
Even this damned forest won’t keep you safe anymore.
The Alacryan army is coming for you.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We need to go warn the others!” Tess urged, mana already enveloping her body as 
she prepared to jump off the cliff.
I grabbed her wrist. “I’ll warn everyone. You need to go get your teammates. You have 
a mission to accomplish.”
“That beast horde is more than a day early, Art! The people here aren’t prepared for 
this. I should stay and—”
“That’s what I’m here for, Tess,” I cut in firmly. “You have your orders, soldier.”
There was a tense moment of silence. Tess’s brows furrowed and her jaw tightened in 
frustration, but she finally relented. “Fine. I’ll gather my team and report to Captain 
Jesmiya before leaving.”
“Good. And Tess… be careful,” I replied with a gentle smile.
“That’s what I wanted to say, dummy,” she said before grabbing me by the scruff of my 
mantle and pulling me into a kiss.
As she let go and stepped up to the edge of the cliff, I found myself subconsciously 
touching my own lips, dazed.
Tess smiled at me, her flushed cheeks betraying her embarrassment at the bold move. 
Tugging on the chain of her leaf charm, she met my eyes. “Remember the promise.”
“I promise,” I replied, holding up my half of the charm dangling around my neck.
Just like that, Tess jumped off the cliff, sailing down the mountainside like an emerald 
comet. I watched her go, hoping that what I had said to her was for the best. I didn’t 
want her to stay here. In the Elshire Forest, she’d be hunting stragglers who were lost 
in an environment that she could freely navigate.
“It’s for the best, Arthur,” I said aloud to myself. After a moment, I reached out to Sylvie 
and informed her of the situation, then leapt off the cliff.
The people of the Wall handled the news surprisingly well. Though there was a brief 
surge of panic, between the adept leadership and the fact that most of the people 
present were either trained soldiers or veteran adventurers, they were quick to ready 
themselves for battle.
In the span of an hour, archers and conjurers were positioned on every floor of the 
Wall, staring warily out from the Wall’s many arrow slits. Melee troops—largely 
members of the Bulwark Division—were hurrying into formation just behind the gate 
to the Beast Glades. Work was not yet complete in the tunnels below, and many 
workers still toiled within them, rushing to finish the preparations; Trodius had 
tasked many of the adventurers to assist them. The Trailblazers had vanished, moving 
into position so quickly it was as if Jesmiya had teleported them all away.
As for myself, I waited inside the meeting tent with Sylvie. Trodius was pacing back 
and forth behind his desk, his hands clasped behind his back, his eyes darting back 
and forth as if he were reading an invisible text. Gavik and Callum stood nearby, quiet 
and tense. Taking advantage of the moment’s peace, I checked the contents of my 
dimension ring. The only useful item inside was Dawn’s Ballad. Even cracked and 
broken, the sword was still better than any other weapon I’d ever used.
I took it out, inspecting the translucent teal blade, the point of which had been melted 
away. A spiderweb of cracks spread down the blade from the ruined tip.
I really wish this damn weapon inside my hand would manifest already, I grumbled in 
my head.
‘Now would be as good a time as any,’ Sylvie agreed.
“General,” Gavik said suddenly, drawing my attention away from Dawn’s Ballad. 
“Please reconsider. Allow us to accompany you.”
I looked at the two mages and shook my head. “As I said before, your job will be to 
support the troops here.”
Callum answered, frustration bleeding into his voice. “Commander Virion has 
personally picked Gavik and me to assist you in battle. If something were to happen 
after sending you by yourself—”
“I’m not looking down on you two, but the chance of something happening to me or 
Sylvie only increases if you two come with us. I—”
The tent flap was pulled aside and a tall, muscular woman with bright red eyes and 
dark skin entered. Those starling red eyes moved quickly from face to face, stopping 
on mine.
“Please excuse the intrusion,” she said, bowing slightly before turning to Trodius. 
“Father, I brought the weapons you asked for.”
“Ah! Come in, Senyir.” Trodius waved the woman over, gracing her with a rare smile.
“Arthur, this is Senyir Flamesworth, my daughter and the master blacksmith here at 
the Wall.”
Tess had referred to that little girl’s master as Senyir back when we were touring the 
Wall together. Tess had seemed to have a good relationship with her, but even so…
The very mention of the word “daughter” coming from Trodius’s lips annoyed me. 
Jasmine’s stories about her life, about how her family had practically thrown her away, 
were fresh in my mind. This wasn’t the time for such thoughts, however, so I pushed 
down my negative feelings toward the senior captain and introduced myself to his 
daughter.
“Arthur Leywin. Pleasure to meet you,” I said, sheathing Dawn’s Ballad.
Senyir opened her mouth to reply but was cut off by her father. “Senyir here is one of 
the finest blacksmiths in Sapin, on par with even the master smiths of Darv due to her 
excellent ability to manipulate fire-attribute mana during the forging process,” Trodius 
boasted.
“I heard from Tessia that you prefer thinner blades,” Senyir said, ignoring Trodius’s 
interruption and handing me the longer of the two swords. “I’m sure it’s nowhere near 
as well crafted as your weapon, but my father informed me that you’ll be in battle for 
an extended period of time. Having multiple backup weapons won’t do you any harm.”
“Thank you,” I replied, drawing the sword from its plain steel scabbard. The blade was 
a pale gold color, about three fingers in width, and slightly longer than Dawn’s Ballad. 
After testing its balance with a few swings, I began channeling mana into it.
The thin sword hummed as fire, wind, water, and earth magic all began to swirl around 
the blade in harmony. I continued injecting mana into the sword until I could see the 
blade beginning to deteriorate from the burden of being imbued with multiple 
elements.
Cutting off the flow of mana into the sword, I sheathed it and said, “Not bad. I think 
it’ll suffice.” The weak compliment was all I could muster; I was struggling to suppress 
my personal feelings toward the Flamesworth family despite myself.
Senyir couldn’t keep the disappointment from her face, but she accepted my words 
with a bow. “I’m honored.”
Putting the longer sword into my ring and fastening the shorter one onto my hip 
beside Dawn’s Ballad, I turned to Trodius. “Have the ground troops ready to advance 
as soon as I leave.”
“I’m aware of the plan, General. Don’t worry about us, just come back in one piece,” 
Trodius replied. “We’ll be waiting for the signal.”
Without another word, I walked past Senyir Flamesworth and stepped out of the tent. 
I was met with a thunderous cheer; all around me were soldiers, merchants, and 
adventurers, all clapping and shouting my name.
“Your presence is what is holding this Wall together, General,” Trodius said from just 
behind me.
It was overwhelming, to say the least. Rather than feeling joy or pride, however, I was 
overcome with horror; within the crowd, I had just seen my father.He wasn’t supposed 
to be here, and if he was here, the rest of the Twin Horns must be as well.
No. They were supposed to be in Blackbend City, far away from this battle!
Sylvie squeezed my hand. ‘Arthur. Everyone is watching.’
I didn’t care. I wanted to run to my father right then and demand that he leave, that he 
take Mother and the Twin Horns and get away from the Wall.
But I couldn’t. One look from my father stopped me in my tracks. He had such a 
determined expression that, even as a general, I didn’t dare stop him. He would never 
forgive me.
If everything goes to plan, most of these soldiers will make it out alive—and Dad is one 
of the stronger soldiers, I thought, trying to calm myself down.
Swallowing the anxiety and the dread building up inside me, I saluted the crowd, 
locking eyes with my father. He saluted back, and, despite the fight that we had not 
long ago, he smiled at me.
Another wave of cheers rolled through the crowd as Sylvie shifted into her draconic 
form.
My bond reeled her head back and let out a deafening roar, shaking the ground. We 
ascended with a single beat from Sylvie’s broad wings, clearing the height of the Wall 
in just a few seconds and giving me a clear view of the approaching horde as well as 
the people below who we were responsible for protecting.
My hands trembled as I finally felt the true gravity of the situation. I had brought my 
sister here. My parents were here, as well as the Twin Horns. Their lives, the lives of 
every man and woman at the Wall, depended on me.
‘You’re not alone, Arthur,’ Sylvie said as she spread her obsidian wings. ‘Nothing has 
changed from when you made the decision to bring Ellie along.’
She was right. Despite the beast horde arriving a day early, the preparations had 
already been made. Both my mother and sister had the Phoenix Wyrm pendants to 
keep them safe, and I had even given Ellie a transmission scroll in case she needed to 
reach out to me. Still, I couldn’t help but feel uneasy.
Was it because of the promise I had made with Tess? The pendant hanging around my 
neck seemed to weigh down on me, but it wasn’t just that. The timing of everything 
happening seemed off. I still couldn’t shake the feeling that this attack was more than 
what it seemed. What were the Alacryans trying to accomplish?
Focus, Arthur. You’re going into battle.
‘Are you ready?’ Sylvie asked, her excitement flooding into me.
Not as ready as you are, I teased, bolstered by her confidence.
Sylvie’s laughter rang in my head as the world around us turned into a blur. With her 
seal released, every inch of her body was brimming with power. Each stroke of her 
wings made gales behind us, and we were soon approaching the army of beasts.
Scanning the churning sea of fangs and claws with mana enhanced vision, I found each 
of the Alacryan mages spread throughout the horde, shepherding along the massive 
herd.
“How about we send them a little welcoming gift?” I suggested.
‘My thoughts exactly,’ Sylvie responded, her wings beating slowly to keep us aloft high 
above the mana beasts. Space began to distort around us as mana gathered into 
Sylvie’s open maw, forming into a golden-white sphere, which grew larger with every 
passing breath until it was even larger than me.
The sphere erupted into a beam of pure mana, which cut silently through the space 
between us and the enemy. A blinding flash forced me to turn away, but the sounds of 
shattering stone and shrieking mana beasts was carried on a draft of hot air that I 
could feel even from this distance.
So began the battle.
I watched as the hole that had formed from Sylvie’s attack slowly disappeared—
covered by the steady stream of mana beasts marching toward the Wall. Despite the 
devastation the blast had caused, the corrupted creatures hardly seemed to notice.
Sylvie released another blast of mana, but this time several shields appeared, 
compounded upon one another and absorbing the brunt of the attack.
Looks like we won’t be able to just rain spells down on them from the comfort of the air,
I mused.
‘After you,’ Sylvie thought, turning her long neck to give me a toothy grin.
Try to keep up.
Normally, falling head-first from several thousand feet in the air into an army of 
magical beasts should’ve caused some sort of fear or anxiety, but that wasn’t the case 
for me. My heart hammered against my ribcage not out of fear, but excitement.
Mana flooded through my body as wind gathered around me, swirling and condensing 
as I landed like a meteor in the center of the beast horde. The layers of wind 
surrounding me burst outward, shredding and flinging away hundreds of beasts 
caught in the blast.
Slowly, I rose to my feet, Dawn’s Ballad in my hand. The impact had made a crater at 
least ten feet deep, and dozens of sets of monstrous eyes glared down at me from 
above. The creatures snarled and snapped at the air, but, at least for a moment, the 
entire horde had come to a standstill.
A wild, manic war-cry suddenly burst out from a bipedal canine at least three times 
my height. That frenzied howl rippled through the other beasts surrounding me, as if 
waking them up from a stupor. The corrupted mana beasts, which moments ago had 
marched along in a drug induced state of apathy, all suddenly wakened in a concert of 
cries, roars, and jarring screeches.
But piercing through the cries of the corrupted mana beasts was the thunderous roar 
of my bond as she landed in their midst. Sylvie immediately ripped out the bipedal 
canine’s throat with her fangs and crushed four other mana beasts with a swipe of her 
tail.
‘Try to keep up,’ she thought to me, her challenge burning in my mind.
Eager to “keep up” with my bond, I leapt from the crater and slammed into a reptilian 
creature with three swirling tails. The force of the impact was enough to knock it flat, 
and Dawn’s Ballad finished it with a quick slash across its neck, cleanly separating 
head from body. Dozens of mana beasts swarmed around me, snarling and spitting, 
lashing out with claws, talons, and paws. I conjured a surge of churning air that threw 
the closest beasts backwards into the swarming beasts behind them.
So thick was the press that the creatures were crawling over each other to get closer 
to me. A wolf-like beast with sharp ridges of bone protruding from much of its body 
leapt from the back of another large three-tailed reptile but was immediately turned 
end-over-end by the force of my cyclone barrier. Dawn’s Ballad flashed, and the 
creature’s corpse landed beside me.
I held that position for several minutes, limiting my mana usage and relying instead 
on my battle prowess—accumulated through my two lifetimes—as I cut down one 
enemy after the next. For each beast I killed, two or three replaced it, but we had 
prepared for this. After all, Sylvie and I weren’t going to win this battle by ourselves. 
Our job was to do as much damage as possible.
‘Something is coming your way. Be careful,’ Sylvie said, her message of caution 
somewhat undercut by the jolt of excitement I felt as she faced off against an S-class 
mana beast somewhere nearby.
A pack of wolves, each the size of Boo and crackling with an aura of blue and white 
lightning, pushed their way through the ring of enemies, snapping and snarling until 
the other mana beasts fell back. The thunder-wolves—I counted thirteen in the 
pack—carefully circled around me, staying just outside of the rotating wall of wind.
These ones seem to have some brains, I thought. It was obvious by their murky black 
pelts that the wolves had been corrupted, but unlike the other beasts, which had 
marched mindlessly toward the Wall, these ones remained alert.
The pack leader—a larger wolf with a wild, spiky mane that reminded me of a lion—
let out a short, sharp bark, and the others pounced, crackling lightning arcing out from 
their bodies, jumping from one wolf to the next and forming a snare intended to trap 
me within their circle.
Stomping my foot, I conjured a ring of stone spikes from the ground, skewering the 
thunder-wolves mid-leap. Only the leader escaped, dodging around the earthen 
spears and launching himself at me. I stepped to the side, easily avoiding the alpha’s 
snapping jaws, and brought Dawn’s Ballad up to lay open its stomach, but a bolt of 
lightning jumped from its spiky mane and struck me in the shoulder, throwing me off 
balance and forcing my blow off course.
I lunged after the thunder-wolf, which was turning to circle around me again. Mana 
flared bright white at the melted tip of my teal blade as I focused it into a sharp point. 
I stomped down, exaggerating the motion, and conjured another spike of earth, just to 
the wolf’s left. The alpha took the bait, dodging right and preparing to leap again, but 
it was too late. Dawn’s Ballad impaled it through the chest, and the lightning coursing 
through its fur flickered and faded, and the beast slumped to the ground dead.
A piercing screech drew my attention to the sky; a flock of bat-winged birds was 
swooping down with their sharp metal beaks homed in on me.
I cast a net of lightning directly into the path of the birds. The metal beaks dropped 
like flies, their wings spasming from the shock. With the thunder-wolves dead, the 
surrounding horde’s restraint broke, and the monsters flooded back in to attack.
Sylvie’s voice rang in my mind. ‘Arthur, these beasts seem off. Most of them aren’t even 
retaliating; they just keep marching toward the Wall. Only some of the stronger ones and 
their packs are actually putting up a fight.’
I feel it too. I’m not sure what the Alacryans did. They must be controlling the beasts, 
directing them to get to the Wall no matter what, I replied. I think it’s time to turn up 
the heat, Sylv.
Looking to stem the constant flow of mana beasts, I began to rain down destructive 
spells on the horde. Spheres of fire, water, and lightning orbited around me, burning, 
slashing, and electrocuting any beasts that came near me while I focused on casting 
spell after spell.
The terrain became a strange, otherworldly patchwork of elemental domains; some 
parts of the ground were scorched and littered with burning corpses, while others 
transformed into gruesome gardens of stone spikes from which beasts’ corpses 
dangled like limp flowers. A storm of ice knives raged like a tornado through the 
battlefield, leaving behind a carpet of shredded flesh.
An odor of burning fur, fresh meat, and metallic blood settled over the battlefield like 
a fog. Even navigating became a challenge, as I had to maneuver around the lingering 
effects of my own spells, the corpses of fallen mana beasts, and the endless march of 
those still living.
‘It’s working, Arthur,’ Sylvie thought to me. ‘Some of the more powerful mana beasts are 
starting to break away from the horde. Where are the Alacryan mages, though? I haven’t 
seen one since they conjured those shields earlier.’
Me neither. Let’s see if we can’t thin out a few of these big ones before the horde reaches 
the wall.
Sylvie was right. Almost immediately after her warning, an S-class mana beast 
appeared, charging through the lesser creatures with reckless abandon. It was a 
humanoid feline, twice my height and all muscle, covered in dense crimson fur that 
acted as armor and wielding deadly claws.
It took me a second to remember its name: a razor grimalkin.
Its speed and agility were on par with Kordri, my martial arts master from Epheotus, 
and it would have torn most adventurers to shreds. However, it relied entirely on its 
thick fur for defense and focused on attacking aggressively at breakneck speed.
Its fur, however, wasn’t a problem for me.
“Come on!” I roared, dodging the razor grimalkin’s clawed kick and nicking its neck 
with the edge of my wind-imbued blade. Blood rushed to my head, drowning out 
everything other than the opponent in front of me. The beast, which had the ability to 
kill its victims long before they could even fear it, hissed and dashed toward me, its 
body blurring into a red streak.
I used Thunderclap Impulse to heighten my senses, and the charging beast came 
suddenly into focus again.
To the outside world, we must have seemed little more than two intangible blurs 
flashing around each other on the battlefield. Each swipe of the razor grimalkin’s 
mana-infused claws extended through the air and left deep gashes in the earth—and 
oftentimes the nearby mana beasts—while opening it up to another cut from Dawn’s 
Ballad.
My objective, the reason Sylvie and I threw ourselves into the path of twenty thousand 
murderous monsters, faded to the back of my mind as I dominated the S-class mana 
beast. Though my legs ached from old wounds, and the scratches left by those vicious
claws stung, I was in much better shape than the panting, oversized cat.
Heaving for breath, its fur matted with blood, the razor grimalkin backed away, 
suddenly wary. Sensing that the fight had gone out of it, I charged. Just as the creature 
was about to bolt, I conjured a slab of condensed air behind it and pulled with all my 
strength. The wall of air struck it mid-stride, knocking it off balance and into the path 
of my blade.
Dragging the dead S-class beast up by the bloodied scruff of its neck, I roared in 
triumph. The mana beasts around me, no matter how deranged and feral they had 
become due to the Alacryans’ corruption, began to quiver.
I felt a rush of euphoria seeing the beasts around me shake in fear, my eyes scanning 
for the next victim to take its chances against me.
‘Arthur, the beasts may be corrupted, but they’re still intelligent beings. We have no 
choice but to kill for a greater cause; don’t take joy in it.’
Sylvie’s words were like cold water splashed in my face. I had indeed lost myself to the 
bloodlust for a moment, high on the freedom to wreak havoc. I had acted like a wild 
beast let loose from its cage.
It would be easy to say that this is what war did to everyone. In part, this was true—
fighting countless beasts slowly turned men into monsters themselves. However, it 
was also true that I enjoyed it. Being surrounded by death, yet never being able to kill 
freely myself, might have had something to do with it. The countless duels I had fought 
in my previous life had all been supervised and restricted by rules and laws. Here, it 
was different.
As I sobered from the battle frenzy, I could feel many aches and wounds I hadn’t even 
realized existed. There was no time to recuperate or rest, however; I could already feel 
the approach of another S-class mana beast. Its footsteps shook the earth, and its 
killing intent pressed down on me like a weighted net.
It didn’t take long for me to see the towering monstrosity, which trampled the smaller 
corrupted beasts like they were insects. The iron hyrax—appropriately named—was 
as tall as a three-story building, and every inch of its body was covered in metallic 
plates. Spikes sprouted along its spine, and at the end of its trunk-like snout was a 
dented metal orb the size of Sylvie’s head.
‘Do you need help?’ Sylvie asked, sensing my hesitation as I watched the colossal beast 
advance.
Not yet, I conveyed, sheathing Dawn’s Ballad.
Wanting to test the iron hyrax’s resilience, I threw an arc of lightning at the beast, but 
it didn’t even flinch. As it stomped through the press, it swung its snout like a flail, 
bludgeoning mana beasts left and right. The mana beasts fortunate enough to evade 
the iron hyrax’s snout were soon trampled by its thick hooves. That’s when I saw 
him—a human.
An Alacryan mage was holding on for his life from a perch between two of the spikes 
on the S-class beast’s back. At this distance, it was easy to tell that this was not part of 
his plan.
That’s when it clicked: the weaker mana beasts appearing almost sedated and mostly 
ignoring Sylvie and me even as we killed them; the higher-tiered mana beasts 
seemingly possessing their own will even under the effects of whatever the Alacryans 
were using to control them.
The pieces of a plan came together in my head as I watched the Alacryan mage struggle 
with something in his hand: a small black stone.
I launched a fireball into the iron hyrax’s face. The flaming sphere splashed across its 
metallic hide without so much as a scorch mark, but it did its job.
The beast bellowed and reared up in anger; the Alacryan mage was barely able to hold 
on. Intent on flattening me with its flail-like snout, the beast charged recklessly. I 
continued throwing spells I knew were just barely strong enough to annoy it, which 
kept it charging through the other beasts, doing nearly as much damage to the horde 
as Sylvie or I had done.
Wherever the mammoth beast went, it left a trail of crushed corpses in its wake. To 
keep its attention on me, I continued to pelt it with spells. I drove earthen spikes into 
its hooves, layered the ground in ice so that it’d slip, and threw blades of wind at its 
eyes to blur its vision, but my half-assed spells weren’t doing any real damage.
Fire seemed to work best, but when I threw another fireball at it, a translucent shield 
flickered in front of it, blocking my spell before it could land.
I could use your help now, Sylvie, I sent, projecting a calm, leisurely air, then turned the 
beast toward where I could sense Sylvie was fighting.
‘Wow, how did you make it so angry?’ she replied, leaping into the air with a beat of her 
wings.
Pin the beast down for as long as you can, I instructed.
With a mental confirmation, Sylvie flew up high into the sky before dropping back 
down in a nose-dive.
Clearing the beasts around me with a gust of wind, I stood my ground as the iron hyrax 
lumbered toward me. Taking a deep, steadying breath, I waited for the moment when 
the beast’s front legs were just about to touch the ground as it charged. This sort of 
spell required precision and timing, and the distance compounded the difficulty, but 
as a white core mage, it felt as natural as if I was shaping clay.
The ground just below the beast’s front feet splintered, sending it crashing onto its 
knees. However, its momentum continued to carry the beast, and the mage riding on 
its back, toward me.
Preparing my mind and body for the toll about to come, I waited until the beast was 
just a few feet away, then I activated Static Void. The elephantine beast and the 
Alacryan mage both froze in place, paused in time. Even as a white core mage, the size 
and complexity of the mana art caused my mana core to groan in protest, but I 
managed to hold the time-pause until the moment before Sylvie reached our enemies.
‘Now!’ she screamed mentally.
I immediately released Static Void and leaped out of the way, almost crashing into the 
slavering jaws of a reptilian mana beast. It twisted and snapped as I flew past, rolled, 
and came back to my feet, already casting a spell to summon a thick stone wall 
between us to protect myself. The force of Sylvie’s headlong dive created a shockwave 
of wind and debris that sent the mana beasts in the vicinity tumbling. I heard the 
reptilian beast I had just passed crack against the other side of the wall, which I then 
kicked over, crushing the mindless creature under a ton of stone.
With no time to rest, I dashed toward the iron hyrax, which was dazed but still alive 
and struggling to get out of Sylvie’s grasp.
Don’t kill it yet, I said to my bond.
‘I’m not confident I even can. These metal plates are even thicker than my scales, and the 
hide beneath them is made of tiny, interlocking scales, like chainmail.’
Leaping up on top of the beast’s back, I pried the oblong black stone from the 
unconscious mage’s viselike grip, then threw him down to the ground. He jolted awake 
from the impact, his unfocused eyes drifting aimlessly as he struggled to make sense 
of his surroundings. He nearly jumped out of his skin when I landed on the ground in 
front of him.
Before he had the chance to speak, I held the black stone to his face. “Does this control 
the mana beasts?”
His eyes widened and he made a desperate swipe at the stone, but I pushed him back 
to the ground with my foot. Conjuring a stone nail, I impaled his hand to the ground.
His scream carried over the battlefield, cutting through the earthquake rumble of 
Sylvie’s struggle with the mammoth beast behind us.
‘Hurry! I can’t keep him still for much longer,’ Sylvie conveyed.
I glanced back at Sylvie, who was perched on her prey, biting and clawing and shoving 
it to the ground, keeping it pinned. With every surge of its massive bulk, though, it 
pushed her a little farther and came a little closer to righting itself. A gurgled cough 
drew my attention back to the Alacryan, and I saw with horror that he had bitten off 
his own tongue and was currently choking on blood.
Reaching into his mouth, I cauterized the wound with fire mana, but the damage was 
done.
“Damn it. What is it with you Alacryans and killing yourselves,” I sighed. “Well, if you 
won’t tell me, I might as well find out myself.”
I quickly cycled mana through the stone. When I found that it wouldn’t react to any 
type of mana, or even aether, I did the only other thing I could think of. I crushed it in 
my hand.
The mage’s eyes widened in panic as the crumbled fragments of the black stone fell 
from my grasp. Suddenly, as if a switch had been flipped, every mana beast in the 
vicinity seemed to wake up, their glazed and lifeless eyes burning with fury. It was as 
if they all went mad simultaneously; the mana beasts began growling and hissing at 
each other, baring fangs, claws, and horns at any living thing near to them.
It didn’t take long for all hell to break loose. Beasts pounced on one another without 
even a semblance of sanity. They leaped at me with reckless abandon, though they 
were so wild, few made it to me. Any time two beasts collided, they would fall into a 
manic battle and tear each other to shreds.
Quickly drawing the two swords I had received from Senyir Flamesworth, I 
transformed into a flurry of blades, cutting through the mana beasts that attacked me 
until a mound of bloody carcasses accumulated beneath my feet. Despite the massacre 
that befell those who came close, the mana beasts continued to attack, throwing their 
lives away as if possessed.
‘Arthur! I can’t hold on anymore!’ Sylvie’s struggling voice sounded in my mind.
I turned back to see the iron hyrax break free, its eyes locked on me as it pawed the 
ground in preparation to charge.
However, I noticed a subtle difference in the mammoth beast’s behavior. The way it 
glared down at me still indicated rage, but the fact that it didn’t throw itself directly at 
me showed some level of calculation, or at least of control, that the lesser beasts didn’t 
possess. It seemed to be considering me or waiting for me to react to its aggression. I 
was, however, slightly preoccupied by the never-ending flow of mana beasts that 
seemed hell-bent on ripping my limbs off.
“Enough!” I roared, releasing every ounce of murderous intent I had built up 
throughout the battle.
To the naked eye, nothing had changed, but for anyone that had an ounce of sense, 
they felt it. Even the beasts, as deranged as they were, froze in their tracks, trembling
This may not have worked while they were in their stupor, but now the beasts around 
me shrank back out of instinctual self-preservation, some of the weaker ones 
collapsing entirely.
With a little space to breathe, I took a step toward the mammoth beast. A path opened 
up as I walked; the mana beasts were unable to bear being too close.
I locked eyes with the colossal S-class monster, directing the entirety of my killing 
intent toward it. It was a primitive thing to do, much like flexing your muscles in front 
of your opponent to discourage them, but it worked; the colossal monster broke eye 
contact with me, its body slackening. Finally, with a mournful bellow, the S-class beast 
turned and fled, trampling smaller mana beasts with each step.
‘It’s been a while since I’ve felt you unleash your intent. A good reminder not to tease you 
too much,’ Sylvie joked as she joined me at my side.
It seems to only work on the more intelligent and powerful beasts, though, I replied, 
keeping my expression deadpan.
The mana beasts that had been temporarily paralyzed by my intent had quickly 
broken free and resumed mauling each other.
Having dealt with the largest threat, I turned back to the Alacryan mage. Despite being 
bloody and incapacitated, he was still alive. None of the beasts seemed to want to go 
near him. Seeing how the crazed beasts acted, it couldn’t have been out of pity or 
loyalty to their master.
“Now…” I peered down at the frightened mage. “I wonder how you’re still alive.”
Sylvie craned her neck and began sniffing at the Alacryan. ‘I’m not sure if this has 
anything to do with it, but there’s a rather repulsive stench coming from this human.’
The Alacryan mage let out a muffled whimper as my bond bared her fangs at him, but 
there was little else he could do. Perhaps overwhelmed by the dragon’s presence, he 
fell unconscious once again. I decided to leave him there. He’d most likely die within a 
few minutes, painlessly in his sleep. That was more than he’d offer the people of 
Dicathen, given the chance.
I bent down, sniffing at the unconscious mage’s clothes. Smelling nothing but the 
sweat and grime of travel and battle, I used mana to enhance my olfactory sense while 
dulling the rest of my senses. There it was… a repulsive stench, just as Sylvie had 
described, but very subtle to a human’s poor sense of smell. The beasts, though… If 
Sylvie could smell it, they certainly could too. The Alacryans must have discovered 
some sort of elixir or serum that was repellant to the corrupted mana beasts. That 
would explain their avoidance of him, even in their madness.
There was little time to spend wondering about it now, though. There was a lot more 
work to be done.
I spent the following hours on the ground, hacking, stabbing, and shooting mana 
beasts with swords and spells. My time training under Kordri had honed my body to 
last for days with the help of mana arts and martial technique, and the mock battles 
against Kathyln, Hester, Buhnd, and Camus had provided ample experience battling 
against multiple opponents, which proved invaluable against the unceasing waves of 
mana beasts without overexerting my mana.
Though our purpose of doing as much damage to the horde as possible hadn’t changes, 
Sylvie and I had also spent the time hunting for other Alacryan mages. The substance 
that the enemy used to basically conceal themselves from corrupted beasts was an 
enticing bounty, and I already knew what to use it for.
However, even after hours of searching, our efforts were fruitless. Just the sheer 
number of mana beasts alone made it almost impossible to distinguish even larger 
mana beats, let alone a human.
How’s everything on your end, Sylvie? I asked as I struck down yet another mad 
monstrosity.
‘A bit tired, I’ll admit, but I’m fine,’ she responded, and I could sense the fatigue through 
our shared emotions.
Tired already? It’s only been like four hours of nonstop fighting, I teased, plunging 
Dawn’s Ballad into the ribcage of a four-armed gorilla creature. Of my three swords, 
only Dawn’s Ballad had held up. The broken blade of the shortsword was sticking out 
of a boarish beast’s skull somewhere, and the longsword had grown dull enough to be 
used as a training blade.
‘The Wall is getting closer, Arthur. The conjurers and archers will be in range to attack 
soon. It’ll be even harder to find the enemy mages then.’
You’re right. Once the beast horde reaches the Wall and the trap activates, it’ll be 
impossible to find them, I responded back as I slashed through another pack of frenzied 
canine beasts.
‘What do you suggest?’ my bond asked as she fought her way toward me.
There’s no choice but to rely on Realmheart to search for the mages.
There was a moment of silence in our minds as I felt Sylvie think over her next words.
‘I want to keep your family safe as well, Arthur, but is it wise to deviate from your 
obligations as a general and Lance? Using Realmheart will take a toll on you, and even 
then, we run the risk of it being for nothing.’
Gritting my teeth, I jumped up on Sylvie’s back, letting the memories of my recent fight 
with my parents flood out of my mind and into my bond’s. It was easier to share the 
experience that way than trying to explain.
It’s not wise, Sylv. I know that. But please, just for a little bit… I need to be able to tell 
myself that I’m doing everything I can to keep my family safe, and finding this substance 
might just do that.
Assuming everything went according to plan, we’d be sacrificing parts of the Wall and 
the underground tunnels, but it’d be much safer for our melee troops to fight. Even so, 
with so many people I cared about participating in the battle, it was impossible not to 
be anxious and afraid for them.
‘I understand,’ Sylvie assured me, her powerful wings beating down. ‘Besides, who 
knows what uses Gideon could find for this substance.’ With a blast of wind, we soared 
up into the sky, shooting past several flying mana beasts before they could even react.
Taking a deep breath, I ignited Sylvia’s beast will from deep within my mana core and 
let its power flow freely out into my body.
I felt the physical changes to my body as the warm surge of power filled me from the 
inside. Long, white bangs obstructed my view, and the runes covering my body and 
limbs glowed brightly even through the thick clothes I wore.
Then my vision turned to shades of gray and flecks of colorful light began emerging 
out of thin air.
No matter how many times I used this skill, it was breathtaking every single time. 
Being able to physically see the very substance that made up all magic in the 
atmosphere truly made it feel like I had fallen into a magical world.
‘Focus, Arthur. Can you distinguish any of the Alacryan mages?’ Sylvie said with a hint 
of envy. My bond had yet to grasp this ability, despite breaking out of the seal that her 
mother had placed on her before birth.
Not really, I replied, narrowing my gaze to try and pinpoint any mana fluctuations that 
seemed different from the magic that the beasts were able to cast.
Sylvie continued flying over the army, avoiding or killing any flying mana beasts that 
got in her way, while I scoured the horde for any sign of the Alacryan mages hiding 
amongst it. When Sylvie swerved suddenly to avoid a giant, corrupted vulture, I pulled 
my gaze from the forces below us for just a moment, and I noticed something odd up 
toward the Elshire Forest.
Sylvie, can you take us higher for minute? I asked my bond, trying to make out what 
was happening up north. She let loose a gout of fire, which burned through the 
vulture’s wing and sent it tumbling to the ground.
We ascended until it was impossible to make out the individual mana beasts below us. 
But as expansive and threatening as the beast horde appeared, my focus was on a 
much bigger threat.
In the distance, I could see mana fluctuations that seemed to be made up of tens of 
thousands of mages—the Alacryan army. The bright trail of mana snaked through the 
Elshire forest right to the heart of Elenoir Kingdom.
TESSIA ERALITH
Darvus stepped up beside me, his knuckles white from gripping his dual axes for dear 
life. The smug grin that he always wore was nowhere in sight. “This doesn’t look good, 
Tessia.”
Behind me were gathered the two hundred soldiers that made up my unit, along with 
the ragtag squads of elven soldiers that had been placed under my command. Amongst 
them were many more civilian elves garbed only in cloth or leather for protection. 
These were the brave men and women who stayed behind to protect their home and 
their fleeing loved ones from the approaching army.
Every one of them wore a grim expression. The soldiers gripped their weapons while 
the civilians anxiously clenched their kitchen knives and gardening tools, and the 
steady drone of marching grew louder and louder.
The once lively elven town just behind us had long since been evacuated, but we knew 
the evacuees would be slow moving; there were many children and elders amongst 
them. If we fled here—if we couldn’t hold out long enough—they would all die. This 
wasn’t just a matter of protecting an abandoned town on the outskirts; this was our 
chance to halt the Alacryan forces’ momentum and show them we wouldn’t give up 
Elenoir without a fight.
My heart pounded against my chest and my knees felt weak. No matter how strong my 
mana core was, no matter how much I had trained, I felt nothing but fear in that 
moment.
Yet I couldn’t show it—I wouldn’t.
The morale of every one of these people behind me was relying on my strength, not 
just as a mage and warrior but as a leader. If I let fear take my heart, the foundation of 
their strength would collapse.
Holding my feelings in, wearing a mask of confidence and strength—such was my 
burden.
Turning to face the small army, I unsheathed my sword and conjured a wind to carry 
my voice. Projecting a wave of mana to reassure myself and show power before my 
forces, I began to speak.
“Behind me, the Alacryan army approaches. Behind you, the children and elderly of 
this village flee for their lives, forced to abandon their only home. We are the only thing 
standing between the enemy marching toward us and the slaughter of these 
innocents.” Murmurs of consensus rang throughout the crowd. “Though our numbers 
are few, I am honored to be the first line of defense in the protection of our people, of 
Elenoir—of Dicathen!” I waited for the soldiers’ shouts to die down, then continued. 
“Lance Aya is currently leading an army of able-bodied elves to beat back the invaders, 
but the question before us is”—I held up my sword—“will you stand with me, will you 
be the shield that protects the defenseless from the blades of our enemies, no matter 
the odds?”
There was a breath of silence, and I was afraid my pounding heart would be heard 
through all of Elenoir, then a roar of cheers and battle cries resounded through the 
forest. Caria gave me a reassuring smile and Darvus nodded grimly, but Stannard only 
fidgeted over his strange weapon, checking it again to make sure it was ready for 
combat.
At my signal, a defensive line formed around me and the rest of the ranged spell 
casters. “Conjurers, archers, ready your weapons!”
The foreboding thrump, thrump, thrump, thrump, of the Alacryan soldiers marching 
grew louder and louder within the dense veil of the fog and trees between us.
I pointed my sword forward. “Prepare your attacks!”
With my heightened senses and familiarity with the Elshire Forest, I was able to sense 
the moment the enemy vanguards came in range.
I thrust my weapon, releasing condensed bolts of wind. “Fire!”
An array of colors dotted my line of sight. Dozens of arrows flew past, followed by 
sharp shards of earth, arcing bolts of lightning, blades of wind, and blasts of fire that 
lit up the mist like fireworks.
I held up my sword for everyone to see, then dropped it to signal another flight of 
spells and arrows. “Fire!”
Another volley rained down on the enemy, but this time I could see the results. 
Shimmers of light shaped like shields and walls deflected or absorbed our attacks; 
very few appeared to have made it through.
“Another flight?” Stannard proposed hopefully, gripping his artifact in preparation for 
another spell.
“No. We’re just burning up resources.” I turned to Vedict, the soldier in charge of the 
front line. “Get in there and break the line, open it up so the conjurers and archers can 
hit something.”
With a nod, the steel-clad elf raised his shield and ran forward, relaying my order. The 
gallant warriors brandished their weapons, the augmenters ignited their cores, and 
our soldiers charged forward into mists. They faded like ghosts into the thick fog, but 
I could hear the thunder of their impact against the shields.
Steeling not only my weapon and body but my will, I looked at Stannard, Darvus, and 
Caria—my closest friends and most trusted aides. None of us said a word, but we had 
spent enough time together that words weren’t necessary. We were all thinking the 
same thing: Let’s get out of this alive.
I reached for the necklace Arthur had given me, which still hung around my neck. 
Kissing the pendant, I tucked it into my cloak, vowing to keep it—and our promise—
safe.
Reaching deep into the pit of my stomach, I let out a guttural cry. “Charge!”
ALBANTH KELRIS
“Captain,” a concerned voice sounded from my side.
Prying my eyes off of the beast horde slowly lumbering toward us, obscured by a 
blanket of dust, I looked down at my assistant. “What is it?”
Sinder, who I had trained and groomed since he was just a kid, pointed down toward 
my hands.
I realized that the reinforced railings, built to keep soldiers from accidentally falling 
off the top of the Wall, had been bent out of shape.
“Ah.” Readjusting my grip, I twisted it back into its proper form before letting go.
With a gentle smile, my assistant placed an armored hand on my pauldron. “I know 
it’s in your blood to worry and overthink, but look at the mayhem General Arthur is 
causing to our enemy.”
All the Wall’s defenders had gathered to watch the spectacle. With how large the 
enemy army was, it was not always obvious where the young Lance was within that 
sea of mana beasts, but we could see the changes occurring within their ranks, like 
nuts and bolts becoming undone, causing the larger pieces to become more unstable.
I let out a sharp breath. “I know, Sinder. But it just pains me to be standing here 
twiddling my thumbs while the Lance has been tirelessly fighting for hours.”
“Our time will come. No matter how strong the general is, he is only one man. He will 
need our support soon,” my assistant reassured me. “Now please, Captain, straighten 
your shoulders and don’t let the soldiers see you faltering.”
“Since when did you start lecturing me, boy?” I teased, smacking Sinder’s back and 
almost throwing him over the edge of the Wall.
The soldiers nearby laughed. Sinder wasn’t as amused, but his expression softened 
after noticing the smiling men and women around us.
I continued making my rounds, walking the length of the Wall to make sure everything 
was in place. Not only did it bolster the men’s courage to see the captain walking 
among them, but seeing my men, giving them encouragement, helped me as well.
These soldiers, most of whom I had trained, lectured, and fought beside, relied on me, 
and in this moment, facing an army of beasts much larger than any force seen at the 
Wall before, they needed my presence.
“Wess! I’m not seeing you shake, am I?” I called out to a middle-aged conjurer who 
gripped his staff as if it was the only thing keeping him on his feet. Patting his shoulder, 
I gave him a kindly smile. “After this fight, let’s have your wife make us one of her 
crumbled pies, right?”
The conjurer laughed nervously, but his body visibly relaxed. “It’s just like you to be 
thinking of food at a time like this, Captain. Very well, Maryl will be delighted to know 
that you like her pie that much.”
I winked and continued my stroll. It wasn’t much—a wave here, a joke there, making 
a plan for the future—anything to get the soldiers’ heads out of the dark cloud caused 
by the looming battle.
That’s when I saw General Arthur’s little sister, Eleanor. The little girl was hard to miss 
with the large mana beast beside her. Stella, the soldier I had assigned to her, was 
nowhere in sight, replaced by a dark-haired archer with bright eyes. She seemed to be 
teaching her the basics of firing from higher ground.
“Miss Leywin,” I greeted. “What happened to the soldier I had assigned to you?”
The little girl stiffened into a rather clumsy salute. “Ah, yes! Hello, Captain…”
“Albanth.” I smiled before turning to the woman that was teaching her. “And you are?”
The sharp-eyed woman saluted gracefully. “Helen Shard, Captain. My apologies for the 
confusion. I’m this one’s longtime instructor, so I relieved Stella of her duty to watch 
after my pupil.”
“I see,” I said. I was relieved that the general’s younger sister wasn’t the one to shrug 
off her protector. “In that case, I will leave her in your care.”
“Yes sir!” she said, brimming with confidence.
“Miss Leywin.” I turned to face the approaching beast horde, which appeared to grow 
larger each passing moment. “Do you still feel up to helping us out even after seeing 
that?”
“Yes.” The little girl’s expression hardened as she gripped her intricate bow. “My 
brother is fighting out there with only Sylvie to help him. The least I can do with all 
the training I’ve been given is fight and be brave, like him. I can help protect my 
parents, too, who are here as well.”
She couldn’t have been older than twelve or thirteen, yet here she was, her innocence 
and youth left behind in the face of death. I wanted to ask whether her parents knew 
she was here and if they would approve, but it wasn’t my place to do so. With a salute 
to Eleanor and Helen, I turned and spotted a messenger running toward me.
The messenger dipped his head before speaking to me, breathing hard. He must have 
sprinted up every flight of stairs in the Wall to reach me. “Senior Captain Trodius has 
called for a meeting and has requested your presence immediately.”
“Got it. Thank you,” I replied, leaving the man there to catch his breath as I made my 
way to the main tent.
By the time I arrived, Captain Jesmiya was leaving the tent wearing a sour expression. 
She bumped my shoulder as she passed, muttering a string of curses under her breath.
“Captain Jesmiya,” I called out, grabbing the captain’s arm.
The she whirled around, her free hand already holding her saber before realizing who 
I was.
“Captain Albanth,” she nearly spat out, sheathing her sword again.
Surprised by her venom, I asked her what was going on, only for her to shrug me off 
and turn her back to me. “Ask Trodius,” she hissed before striding away.
I opened the entrance to the tent to see Senior Captain Trodius leafing through some 
paperwork, his posture eerily impeccable as always, no trace on his serious face that 
there had been any tension in his conversation with the captain.
The senior captain knew I was there, but he continued on with his work. This went on 
for a few minutes before I grew impatient with whatever game he was playing. I 
couldn’t wait any longer and cleared my throat to get his attention. “Senior Captain—
”
A raised finger cut me off. The man didn’t even look in my direction until he had finally 
finished whatever it was he was doing, despite the fact that he had sent a messenger 
to find me for this urgent meeting.
Finally, after meticulously filing his papers into three even piles, he looked up and met 
my eyes. “Captain Albanth.”
“Sir!” I saluted, my armor clanging.
“Have your melee troops prepare to march,” he stated. “They will be confronting the 
beast horde on our terms, in the open field.”
“Excuse me?” I asked, confused. “My apologies, Senior Captain, but it was to my 
understanding that the melee troops would enter the field only after we’ve lured a 
majority of the beast horde into the trap we have—”
“Captain Albanth,” the senior captain snapped, cutting me off. “Do you understand 
how many resources we’ve expended excavating those underground passages for our 
Trailblazer Divisions to safely explore the Beast Glades? I won’t go as far as to weigh 
the value of lives against the efforts spent building this fortress, but I have determined 
that it doesn’t make sense logistically to detonate the underground routes.”
“But, sir…” I took a step forward but was met with a blazing glare from Trodius. Taking 
a step back, I continued. “With General Arthur’s plan, we’ll be able to immobilize the 
majority of the beast horde. This will give our melee forces a much better chance to—
”
“As I have stated before, Captain Albanth, I won’t go as far as to weigh the value of 
lives…” The senior captain let his sentence trail off, letting me know that was exactly
what he was doing.
“Besides, the Lance said it himself—it was only a suggestion. I said nothing at the 
meeting out of respect for his position, but he’s merely a boy, and clearly ignorant of 
war. It would be in your best interest to realize that as well.”
Clenching my fists behind my back, I stood silent.
Trodius seemed to take the silence as my answer and smiled. “Good! Then we’ll have 
your melee troops advance immediately. You and your troops will do whatever it takes
to hold your ground until Jesmiya’s forces come around the flank to assist you. By then, 
the archers and conjurers will be in range to fire freely at their back line.”
Gritting my teeth in anger, I was barely able to respond with a nod before turning 
around to leave. I now understood Jesmiya’s mood when I’d met her outside the tent.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur.’
My gaze shifted from the Wall, barely visible through the dust that hung in the air, back 
to the sight of the Alacryan army well within the forest.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice rang louder.
“I don’t know!” I snapped. “I don’t know what to do, Sylvie.”
My role was to stay here, to help the forces of the Wall defeat this beast horde. Even if 
all of this was nothing but a diversion, my family and the Twin Horns were still here. 
What if I left and something happened to them? But then, what if Tess was in danger? 
With so many elves stationed around Sapin, it would be almost impossible for Elenoir 
to properly defend itself against an army of that size.
‘I know it’s a hard decision,’ she responded, her soothing voice calming me slightly. ‘Rest 
assured that I will support whatever choice you make.’
The gears in my brain turned as I debated myself. The Alacryan forces would be at a 
disadvantage fighting in the Elshire Forest because of the fog, but then that hadn’t 
stopped them from navigating nearly all the way to the heart of Elenoir, and they 
outnumbered the elven defenders there by tens of thousands, so far as I could tell. The 
traps already set at the Wall would even the odds between the Wall’s defenders and 
the approaching horde, although, if I left, was there anyone here capable of taking 
down the larger S-class mana beasts? I couldn’t be sure.
Pressed for time as both the beast horde and Alacryan army advanced relentlessly 
toward their destination, I made my decision.
“Sylvie, we’re going to Elshire Forest.”
TESSIA ERALITH
Digging my feet into the ground as I leaped forward, I used a mana vine to pull myself 
to the nearest enemy mage.
The surprised Alacryan didn’t even have time to turn toward me before my swordstaff 
sunk deep into his hip. The blood rolled right off as I pulled out my weapon, leaving 
its pale blade spotless.
“Tessia, duck!” Caria shouted in warning. I dove under a swinging axe and rolled out 
of its reach. By the time I was on my feet again, Caria had dropped from her perch in 
the tree above, landing on the Alacryan and driving a gauntleted fist into his skull.
To my left, Stannard was falling back before an Alacryan Striker, but a wind blade 
targeted at the Striker’s unprotected legs dropped him with ease.
“Thank you!” Stannard shouted. With his artifact charged, he unleashed a blast of 
mana directly at an approaching group of enemy soldiers.
Darvus came into view, his dual axes drawing trails of fire in the mist as they cleaved 
both flesh and steel.
“We can’t let them get past this point!” I reminded them as Caria flew into action 
beside Darvus, her gauntlets enveloped in thick mana.
We can do this, I reassured myself, watching my teammates battle alongside our 
second unit of mages. Hachi, one of our new recruits, stood out even from this 
distance, as he was a head taller than everyone else and his fists were clad in brilliant 
flames.
Suddenly a bright beam of ice lanced down from a tree nearby. Caria and Hachi each 
dodged, but an elf from his team wasn’t as lucky.
Damn it, I cursed, watching as the elf—I couldn’t even tell who—slumped to the 
ground, clearly dead.
Infusing my legs with mana, I jumped up into the tree from which the ice beam had 
originated. Before the Caster could finish another spell, my swordstaff had pierced her 
heart. The body slumped and fell from the tree.
From the tree, I was able to survey the battlefield below and make sure there weren’t 
any other enemy conjurers hiding nearby. It was chaos. I couldn’t get an accurate count 
of my men, nor make out where the enemy forces were moving. Despite my difficulty 
in navigating the battlefield, at least I knew it to be much worse for the enemy. If not 
for the fog, our small force would likely have been crushed within minutes.
A piercing scream reached my ears. It came from nearby. Not knowing whether it was 
friend or foe that made the pained cry, I whirled toward the source.
It was an elf. From the leather apron with a metal sheet clumsily attached to the 
chest—most likely a baking pan—I could tell he was a civilian who had chosen to stay 
and defend his town.
The elf crumpled lifelessly to the ground, a puddle of blood forming around him. The 
killer was an Alacryan mage whose open hands were surrounded with a spinning ring 
of wind. He sneered proudly as he trampled over the elf’s body.
My blood burned at the sight. Landing deftly on the ground, I sprinted toward the 
enemy, fully intent on removing him from this battle.
“Tessia! Where are you going?” Darvus hollered from behind me.
“I’ll be right back!” I responded, not bothering to turn back.
My vision narrowed in on the enemy mage as I easily cleared the distance between us, 
but just as I was about to drive my blade into his back, a golden pane of light flickered 
in to being between us. The barrier shattered when my blade struck it, but it gave the 
mage enough time to scurry out of my path.
“Sneaky little elven witch,” the enemy mage spat. The whirling blades of wind 
surrounding his hands grew larger as he prepared to strike.
“You’ll pay for the elven blood you’ve spilt with your life,” I replied coldly, unleashing 
the first phase of my beast will onto the enemy.
“Sh-Shield!” he screamed, sprinting toward his guard.
A golden light flickered into existence, but before it could even fully manifest, the 
sharp tendrils of mana surrounding me had already pierced several holes into both 
mages’ bodies.
Having defeated these enemies, my gaze was drawn toward the dead elf beside me. 
His empty eyes seemed to be looking back at me, blaming me.
I can do this, I repeated through gritted teeth.
“Tessia! We need you back!” Caria called. It took me a moment to find her in the fog; 
she was facing a group of three Alacryans. Her expression was grim, but she wasn’t 
losing ground even against three enemy mages.
“I’ll be right there!” I shouted. Augmenting my sight, I peered through the layer of fog 
to try and find any of the so-called Shields hiding nearby. Taking any Shields out would 
seriously weaken the attackers, since they didn’t seem to be able to defend themselves 
with magic.
I spotted a Shield conjuring a panel of light around two other Alacryans, but before I 
could engage him, an enemy mage charged at me. I easily dodged his flame-clad spear 
and carved a bloody line through his neck, but as I turned back to the Shield, I spotted 
another ally in need of help.
A human soldier had been backed up against a tree by two enemy mages, who were 
closing in on her. I knew my main job was to reinforce my teammates and to stop the 
Alacryan troops from advancing, but that task became more difficult every time an 
allied soldier fell.
With a flick of my wrist, roots shot up from below the two Alacryans, anchoring their 
feet to the ground. Compressing the air around my swordstaff, I cast Wind Cutter, 
launching a translucent crescent of wind at the immobile mages.
An earthen wall burst out of the ground, intercepting my spell. By the time I darted 
around the barrier, the human girl was already on the ground, a frozen spike 
protruding from her chest.
I cursed inwardly, angry at myself for being too late. Meanwhile, the enemy mages 
managed to free themselves from the grasping roots and prepared their next attack—
this time, at me.
With a manic cry, the mage dashed toward me, his entire right arm enveloped by a 
lance made of ice.
The emerald vines of mana that surrounded me like an aura knocked aside his feeble 
attack and plunged into his stomach and chest, killing him instantly.
The second Alacryan conjured a stone barrier that formed around him like a little cave, 
clearly hoping to be rescued before I could break through his shield. With a snarl, I 
summoned roots and vines from the earth underneath the dome, and I could hear his 
screams resounding dully within. More and more plants filled the hollow space, and I 
knew they would crush him if he didn’t release his spell. Moments later, the screams 
cut off, and the barrier began to crumble, revealing the Alacryan’s broken body.
My eyes shifted toward my dead ally, still leaning against the tree nearby.
I cursed again. I needed to take down more of the enemy’s mages. The more I brought 
down, the better chances my allies had. That was my duty.
The emerald aura surrounding me shot out more translucent vines that whipped, 
wrapped, and pierced any enemy that approached, and I realized that, while in the 
first phase of my beast will, my most effective method of attack was to simply get 
within range of the enemy mages. Even the Shield’s magical barriers proved 
ineffective against the emerald vines, which could move over, under, and around the 
barriers faster than they could be altered.
I sprinting from one group of enemies to the next, darting into their midst—often 
before they even knew I was there—and letting the vines do their work. While the 
forest was a handicap to many, the endless rows of trees worked to my advantage. Not 
only did the emerald vines of mana constantly protect me and strike out at my 
enemies, every tree around me also beckoned to call and hid my presence.
From somewhere out in the fog, I heard a man shout, “Focus on the gray-haired girl!” 
Seconds later, a condensed beam of fire shot down from the top of a tree.
Rather than dodge it and hope none of my allies would get hit by the blast, I waved my 
swordstaff and channeled a spell through the mana-amplifying gem on its hilt.
Thick roots rose from the ground beneath my feet, sacrificing themselves by blocking 
the beam of fire.
Thankfully the fog makes it hard for fires to spread here, I thought as the burned roots 
withered away. I shuddered to think about the entire Elshire Forest burned down by 
the spells being thrown about.
“Head Tessia!” a desperate cry rang out nearby. Whipping around, I saw Hachi lying 
on the ground just a dozen yards away, his hand desperately reaching out for me. A 
bullish Alacryan was standing over him, already swinging a stone hammer—
I felt a sick jolt in my stomach as the hammer crushed Hachi’s skull. His arm dropped 
to the ground, crimson spreading out in a red halo around what used to be my ally’s 
head.
“No!” I yelled, seething in anger. However, before I could reach the man to vent my rage 
in his flesh as my vines tore him apart, a glowing axe separated the Alacryan’s head 
from his neck.
Darvus appeared behind the Alacryan’s corpse, his eyes fierce. “Are you out of your 
mind? Why the hell did you break formation and go off on your own like that?”
“It’s not like that!” I retorted. “I was saving our troops!”
“Yeah?” he scoffed, “You were supposed to be in position to back Hachi and his team 
up! You were supposed to be keeping him alive!”
I shook my head, my face burning with anger and regret. “You don’t understand, there 
were—”
“We all had our positions assigned—positions you assigned,” he snapped, cutting me 
off. “Because you ran off, two others are critically injured and their right flank is 
completely exposed! In what world is that ‘saving our troops’?”
Shaking his head, Darvus dashed off, unleashing his anger on the unfortunate enemies 
nearby. I wanted to explain, wanted him to understand, so I started after him, but then 
a searing pain spread across my back.
The protective aura from my beast will seemed to have shielded me from the worst of 
it, and the damage felt minimal, but it still hurt like hell, whatever it was.
If the attack had been stronger, I could’ve died, I thought, the realization hitting me like 
a bucket of cold water. The promise I made to my teammates—the promise I had made 
with Arthur— would’ve been broken because I was caught up in trying to play the 
hero, to do everything myself.
Snap out of it, Tessia! Darvus is right, we need to stay in formation.
I headed back toward my initial position, exerting more mana into the emerald aura 
protecting me. The enemy appeared to be having trouble keeping their own troops in 
formation, and the forest was full of small groups of Alacryan soldiers who charged 
recklessly through the trees.
Turning into a whirlwind of blade and magic, I fought through several such small 
groups, but we were vastly outnumbered and more and more of the enemy were 
bypassing our small blockade every moment. I could only hope that General Aya’s 
army would take care of them, and that the elven refugees had made it far from here.
Damn it, where are the others? I cursed, trying to find my way back to Stannard, Caria, 
and Darvus.
I couldn’t tell how much time had passed since the battle first began, but one thing 
seemed painfully clear: I wasn’t fit to be a leader.
The guilt that I felt manifested itself into a voice in my head, constantly reminding me 
that I was the one that led every one of my allies here to their death. It didn’t matter 
that I was a silver core mage with an S-class beast will—getting emotional over every 
ally death showed that I wasn’t capable of making rational decisions for the good of 
the whole. A leader had to be calculating, to understand when sacrifice was 
necessary…
Shaking the voice out of my head, I continued making my way toward my initial 
position. Finally, I caught sight of Stannard just a few dozen yards away.
“Stannard!” I yelled, hoping the conjurer could hear me over the chaos.
However, my voice attracted someone else’s attention: It was a human, adorned in 
black armor, his long blond hair billowing around him. He rode a corrupted wolf-like 
beast and was surrounded by guards of a different caliber than the rest of the Alacryan 
soldiers I’d faced.
He looks like someone important, I thought, channeling more mana into my beast will 
as I prepared to defend myself.
“Leave the girl to me,” he commanded, and his guards immediately complied, stepping 
back and lowering their weapons.
I kept my face impassive as the man dismounted from his wolf and strode toward me. 
His black armor was a finely crafted suit of both plate and chainmail. Hanging at his 
waist were two ornate-looking swords embedded with fine jewels on the hilt.
He unsheathed his swords. “As expected of Tessia Eralith, to barely have any wounds. 
It’s an honor to meet you like this.”
Keeping my swordstaff pointed at the man, I took a cautious step forward. “How do 
you know my name?”
He smiled politely. “You can call me Vernett.”
The translucent green vines thrashed wildly around me, manifesting my frustration 
and anger. I hated when they talked. We both knew what had to happen here; words 
wouldn’t change the fact that this man wanted to undo my entire way of life, reduce 
my home to ash, and build a war machine atop the charred remains.
“You didn’t answer my question,” I growled, making the statement a threat.
Vernett shrugged as he got into a fighting stance. “Perhaps beating me in combat might 
make me talk. After all, you Dicathians seem to love interrogation.”
If that’s how you want to play it…
I launched myself at the Alacryan, getting in range before he could properly react.
Mana tendrils snaked out from me, striking at his exposed face. As they approached, 
however, they slowed drastically, coming to a complete stop before even reaching him.
Looking smug, Vernett swung his blade almost lazily, and I easily dodged back.
I followed up with my swordstaff this time, but it felt as if I was swinging through a 
thick viscous liquid. By the time my blade reached Vernett’s unprotected neck, it was 
moving so slow that it couldn’t even draw blood.
The battle continued, but we were at a stalemate. I was clearly stronger, faster, and 
more adept in combat, but because of his unique variant of defensive magic, I couldn’t 
land a solid hit and was forced to move constantly, which took us into the middle of 
other skirmishes.
A soldier in a silver breastplate—one of my soldiers—lunged at the Alacryan just as I 
launched a crescent of wind. Heedless of the soldier’s blade, Vernett jerked him into 
the path of my spell, using him like a shield.
The man’s chest spurted blood as his silver armor was cleaved open by the windblade. His eyes, wide with shock, looked to me in terror and disbelief, then his head 
drooped lifelessly to his chest.
“Bastard!” I roared, dashing toward Vernett, my blade out like a spear.
Laughing, he threw the body he had used as a shield at me, forcing me to dodge as he 
backed away, directly into an ongoing struggle between an elven augmenter and an 
Alacryan Striker.
“You’re nothing but an infant wearing a shiny badge,” he gloated as he sliced off the leg 
of the elven soldier, purposely leaving him alive and in agony.
“Shut up!” The emerald vines surged with power as I imbued them with more mana, 
extending up toward the trees and killing two Alacryan Casters before falling upon the 
Striker, who had turned to flee our conflict.
With no more obvious targets in our vicinity, Vernett halted his slow retreat and 
waited for me to attack. My vines bore down on him, surrounding us both in a writhing 
mass of emerald green, but they could not touch him. Playfully, he batted each one 
away with his sword.
“You should’ve kept the tiara on your head, little princess. Leading with a sword 
doesn’t suit you.”
“Shut up, shut up, shut up!” I screamed. Succumbing to my rage, I activated the second 
stage of my beast will, and the world around me turned green. My body seemed to 
move on its own through the verdant mists, the battle around me suddenly quiet.
The cocksure Alacryan flinched back, finally showing signs of concern, but it was too 
late. I reached out and a translucent green hand grabbed Vernett while the trees 
around him moved to form a cage.
“Call off your troops,” I demanded, my voice thick with power.
Vernett coughed out blood; I could feel his ribs cracking through my magic, but still he 
smiled. “What troops?”
Looking around, panic seething just under the surface, suppressed for the moment by 
my beast will, I saw that we were alone. The battle had moved forward—or I had been 
pushed back, led away from the heart of the conflict.
I could sense my troops falling without me to lead them, more and more of their 
corpses lying on the forest floor with each passing moment. Through my beast will, I 
could feel their lives, and their deaths… there were so few defenders left… because of 
me—because I had let this man manipulate me, isolate me, and remove me from the 
battle.
“I’m happy you think so highly of me, but, like yourself, I’m merely a distinguished 
soldier,” he gurgled, blood leaking from the corners of his mouth. “The difference 
between us is that, unlike you, I know I’m only pretending to be a leader.”
My vision swam as my emotions raged within me: anger, frustration, disappointment, 
regret, guilt… it was almost a relief when the piercing pain shot through my chest, 
giving me something to focus on, pushing my thoughts away.
I found myself looking up at the forest sky, my body unresponsive and very, very cold. 
Vernett’s pained but arrogant expression bobbed into my view as he looked down on 
me.
What had happened? Another enemy mage?
Vernett clicked his tongue in disapproval. “You were so short-sighted that you couldn’t 
see what was right in front of you, could you?”
I closed my eyes, waiting to die, wishing that so many others hadn’t had to die because 
of my poor decisions. It wouldn’t be so bad, I thought, if it was just me.
A horn blared from the distance. When I opened my eyes, Vernett was gone.
I heard the crunching of leaves as someone approached. A face appeared above me, 
looking at down at me with an expression so cold that I half wished that I had died… 
General Aya.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Compared to the speed with which my thoughts and worries flew through my mind, 
our flight to the forest of Elshire had gone by at a crawl.
When I wasn’t looking back towards the beast army, nearly overwhelmed with guilt 
that I was leaving the troops—and my family—at the Wall behind, I was focusing on 
the bright path of mana that made a road straight to what I suspected was the heart 
of Elenoir Kingdom.
‘What sort of spell is capable of such a thing?’ my bond asked as we followed the 
markers, which shined even through the thick layer of fog above the forest.
I’m not entirely sure, but seeing as how the trail sort of zigzags around various points 
leading up north, I don’t think it’s a single powerful spell but an accumulation of the 
same spell creating a path.
It was just my speculation—rather, it was my hope. The thought of an enemy mage 
being able to basically nullify the ambient magic of the forest with a single conjuration 
terrified me, and I urged Sylvie to fly just a bit faster. It was already worrying enough 
to think that something might happen to my family or one of the Twin Horns, but the 
thought of not making it to Tess in time left me sick and sweaty.
After another hour scouring the forest, following the crooked path of mana that 
marked the way through Elshire, I finally spotted signs of a battle in the distance. Mana 
fluctuations were apparent even above the thick canopy of trees below us, but they 
were old. The battle had ended, and it was impossible to tell from this distance which 
side had won.
Sensing my shift in emotions, Sylvie dived down closer to the forest, fast approaching 
the location that I had imprinted into our minds.
As we approached the battleground, however, a figure hovering above the blanket of 
trees and fog caught our attention. I could feel Sylvie’s fear and anxiousness leaking 
into me, and she stopped over fifty feet away before transforming into her human 
form.
I had suspected who—or what—it was when I had first noticed that the floating form 
had no mana signature, but seeing the familiar figure up close, clad all in black armor, 
his purple cloak billowing behind him, confirmed it. Compared to the oppressive tidal 
wave that was Uto, this man was the eye of a terrible storm—just like his master.
“Cylrit,” I said simply.
“Lance.”
Despite my impatience, I exchanged a glance with Sylvie, who already had mana 
coalescing around her in preparation for a fight.
I was at a loss.
My instincts urged me to fight him; he was an enemy. But at the same time, the Scythe 
he served had saved my life and was the reason Sylvie and I had been able to advance 
past our respective bottlenecks.
“Are we to fight?” I asked, somewhat hesitant.
“I have been instructed to keep you from advancing further,” he replied simply, his 
expression unchanged.
“And if I were to say that I have to advance?” I demanded, getting ready to release 
Realmheart once again.
Cylrit’s sharp eyes narrowed, but his voice was still calm as he answered. “It is for your 
benefit, Lance Leywin. My master wishes to keep you in optimal health for the final 
battle, but partaking in the defense of the elven kingdom could make that difficult.”
“Seris said this was for my benefit?” I said in surprise.
“My master’s name isn’t something you should speak so casually, human.” Cylrit’s voice 
didn’t change, but a sharp bloodlust surged from him at the mention of the Scythe’s 
name.
Matching the pressure he emanated with my own, I glowered down at him as I said, 
“Watch your tone, Cylrit. I chose to exchange words with you out of courtesy toward 
your master.”
“Courtesy?” The Vritra’s expression darkened. “Master Seris saved your life. I suggest 
you heed her words and clean up the mess you’ve abandoned back at your fortress, as 
intended.”
“We’re going to Elenoir,” I stated firmly, my eyes not leaving his.
“Knowing how to sacrifice is a part of war,” Cylrit said, his tone calm once again. 
“Wasting your efforts here won’t help you, even if you manage to succeed in defending 
Elenoir.”
“You think I don’t know that?” I growled, unable to hold back. The wind stilled and the 
air grew so thick it was almost tangible.
Beside me, I could feel the worry from my bond, but in that moment, I didn’t care. I 
had already sacrificed lives at the Wall by making this journey, and I couldn’t let that 
sacrifice be in vain. A lecture on the necessities of war from a creature that, as far as I 
knew, could still turn out to be my enemy, would not dissuade me.
The Vritra’s brows furrowed in frustration. “Go back, Lance. If you want even a chance 
of saving Dicathen, you should worry about bigger things.”
I flew forward until I was face to face with the Vritra. “Move aside, Cylrit. You’re 
mistaken if you think you can keep us both here. A lot has changed since our fight 
against Uto.”
Seris’s retainer held out his arm, and a thick, black fog swirled around his outstretched 
hand, manifesting into a pitch black greatsword nearly as long as he was tall. “Very 
well. If you insist on fighting, allow me to prove you wrong.”
CURTIS GLAYDER
“Keep your formations!” I barked from my position just behind the group of students. 
“Vanguards, keep your shields up! Trust in your mounts to protect your legs. That’s 
it!”
The twelve students followed a predetermined path while archers, positioned a few 
dozen yards away, were standing ready to loose their arrows.
“Release!” I shouted at the archers.
A volley of blunted arrows struck the line of students, all of whom were riding clawed 
equines. These seven-foot-tall mounts, owned by Lanceler Academy, were unique in 
that they were never bred, but caught and tamed in order to keep their keen instincts 
and tough, muscular build. As we had practiced, the students leaned forward on their 
mounts and raised their shields, using their knees to buttress themselves against longrange attacks.
Some of the students were slow in raising their shields while others weren’t able to 
augment their bodies in time to withstand the volley. Those unfortunate students 
were knocked off their mana beasts and went tumbling into the dirt.
Grawder, my bond, grunted in disappointment as he trotted towards the students that 
lay groaning on the ground.
“Tanner, Gard, Lehr,” I called.
The three students bolted up from the ground and saluted. “Sir!”
Stroking my world lion’s red mane, I passed by them. “Each of you owes me twenty 
sets of shield press—without using mana.” The three new recruits’ faces blanched at 
my words.
The practice went on for another two hours as we reviewed a handful more 
formations. Eventually, the clawed equines had to recover, bringing the session to a 
brief rest.
“All right, walk your mounts to the lake and take an hour break!” I called, hopping off 
of Grawder.
We followed the students down to the late but broke off to sit beneath a wizened old 
tree not far from the banks. I leaned my back against Grawder, enjoying the cool breeze 
in the shade. One of my favorite things about Lanceler Academy was the fact that it 
was so close to Mirror Lake.
Opening my dimension ring, I pulled out some dried beef and a fresh loaf of bread and 
watched as the students separated into their respective circles of friends. Tanner, 
Gard, and Lehr squatted by the edge of the lake, raising their steel shields above their 
heads.
Some of the other students had already finished their light meals and began sparring 
with their training swords: heavy, blunted weapons that hurt like hell when they hit
you but weren’t likely to do any permanent damage, so long as everyone was following 
the rules.
“As expected of Lanceler students,” a familiar voice said from behind me. “Even as 
trainees, they can never stay still.”
I looked up, smirking at the retired knight. “What does that make me, then?”
“A lazy fool,” he retorted, taking a seat beside me in the grass.
I ripped off a chunk of my bread, pulled a sealed bowl of broth from my ring—the old 
man’s favorite—and handed both over. “A student is only as good as his teacher, 
Instructor Crowe.”
“Ex-instructor,” he scoffed, but he accepted the food with a smile. “It’s unfortunate that 
growing up as royalty only taught you how to talk well.”
We sat in silence, enjoying the glittering view of the lake and the spectacle of the 
students making fools of themselves, either while sparring or playing in the water. The 
boys flocked to the few female students, showing off in whatever way they knew how. 
For their part, the young women teased the male students mercilessly and did their 
best to outperform them in increasingly difficult feats of youthful stupidity.
“Looking at these youths frolicking without a care in the world, it’s hard to imagine 
that we’re in the middle of a war,” Crowe said softly.
“I’ve heard the stories coming in from the eastern border of Sapin. I’m frustrated that 
I’m not there helping out. If I’m being honest, though, I’m also relieved, because I don’t 
think my students are anywhere near ready to face Alacryan soldiers.”
“You know, I had been pretty discontent when I heard the news that you were coming 
to Lanceler. I remember thinking you were another spoiled noble that acquired a 
position here due to your connections.” My former instructor turned his gaze to me. “I 
was wrong about you, Curtis. You were hard-working from day one, and you were 
happy to hear your mistakes, because that gave you room to improve.”
Not used to hearing compliments from the strict ex-knight, I felt my cheeks starting to 
flush. “Well, being an adequate mage and fighter is one thing, but I didn’t know 
anything about teaching.”
“Exactly! Why is it so hard for some of you nobles to admit that you don’t know 
something, or you’re not good at it? It still baffles me, honestly.”
“Think of it as an inferiority complex,” I said, chuckling. “Nobles are taught to hide 
their weaknesses—act as if they don’t have any.”
“That’s one good thing about being in battle. At that moment, when you’re just one of 
the countless soldiers on the front line, all that strategic thinking—the mask you 
wear—it all falls away,” the old knight huffed.
“Is that your excuse for never trying to go into leadership or strategic positions?” I 
smirked.
“Why you little—” Crowe hooked me with his arm and began grinding his knuckles on 
my head, eliciting a groan of protest from Grawder at being woken up.
“Okay, okay! I surrender!”
We continued our friendly bickering, laughing like youths ourselves. Crowe had an 
abundance of stories to share, each one as ridiculous as the last, and we passed the 
rest of the short break time trying to outdo each other with stories of our students. 
Too quickly, it was time to return to lessons.
“Back to the training grounds—full armor—fifteen minutes!” I yelled. The students 
stiffened at my voice, then, without hesitation or protest, scurried back up the hill to 
the pitch.
“They listen to you well,” Crowe commented, his expression thoughtful as he watched 
the students sprint away.
“Their graduations depend on it.” I shrugged and patted the old knight on the back. 
“Come on, Instructor Crowe, it’s time for spear lessons and you’re still the best. I’m 
sure they’d love to learn from you.”
“I may be retired, but I’m still expensive.”
“Think of the bread and broth as payment.”
Crowe opened his mouth to reply, but something caught his eye and he stopped. He 
raised his head, peering up at a figure in the sky.
“Isn’t that a messenger?” I asked, squinting my eyes to try and see what sort of beast 
the flying mount was.
The beast and rider descended, landing on the highest balcony of the headmaster’s 
tower. The tall, pointed structure had been constructed in the shape of a colossal lance 
as a symbol of our academy, as well as serving as the headmaster’s residence.
“That’s a blade wing,” Crowe muttered, his tone serious. “There are only a few mages 
bonded to those beasts. If they were hired as messengers, the news must be serious.”
I hopped on Grawder and gestured to my former instructor. “Let’s see what it’s about.”
I waved as we passed by my confused students, indicating I would be right back, and 
rode through the paved school grounds toward the tall, lance-shaped tower.
Grawder couldn’t fit in the staircase so we left him with the guards stationed outside 
before making our way up the tower. By the time we had reached the upper level of 
the spiraling stairs, we could hear muffled voices on the other side of the headmaster’s 
door.
Crowe and I exchanged glances, then I turned the golden handle and opened the door.
The headmaster sat behind his desk, his large frame slumped forward and his head 
buried in his hands. The messenger stood beside him, his expression fearful.
“Headmaster Landon?” I said. “We saw the messenger and—”
The headmaster raised a hand, not bothering to look up. “Gather your students, 
Instructor Curtis. Better yet, maybe it’s best you just make your journey to Kalberk 
now. That’s the closest teleportation gate to get you back to the castle.”
“I’m not following, sir. What’s going on?” I shifted my gaze from the headmaster to the 
messenger.
“An envoy arrived at Kalberk from Etistin this morning,” the messenger explained, his 
voice trembling. “A watcher flying a few miles off the coast of Etistin spotted roughly 
three hundred Alacryan ships approaching.”
TESSIA ERALITH
My eyes flickered open, though I found it difficult to keep them that way. My body 
ached and pain rolled in waves from behind my eyes and up into my temples. 
Backlash… from overusing my beast will, I was sure.
I appeared to be sitting atop a small wyvern; several soldiers stood around me, their 
weapons drawn, but I could see that the battle had already ended.
The battle had ended; we had won, thanks to General Aya. No post-victory glow 
suffused my tired body, though, because I was focused on the injured soldiers being 
carried off, and on the dead, who were being buried where they fell. Those bodies 
should have been taken to their families for a proper ceremony, but there was no time 
to spare for the dead. There was an army of Alacryans still marching toward Zestier 
city, into the very heart of the elven kingdom.
How many of those being buried now would have survived the battle if not for my 
foolishness?
I tried to shake off the dark mood that seemed to have fallen over me, but Vernett’s 
taunts still echoed in my head. It was with a melancholy gaze that I looked out over
the battlefield watching the clean-up effort from my perch atop the wyvern. Then I 
noticed something out of the corner of my eye that drew my attention.
I scrambled off the winged reptile, alarming the soldiers on guard. My tired legs 
buckled and I stumbled, landing hard in the dirt. One of the guards gently pulled me 
up to my feet and gestured toward the wyvern. “Head Tessia. Please remain on the 
mount in case anything happens.”
Wordlessly, I started running.
It can’t be.
I pushed my way through the crowd of medics and nurses tending to the injured, my 
eyes glued to an emitter kneeling next to a familiar figure. It was Caria… and she was 
unconscious. I nearly threw myself atop her, but a hand blocked my path.
I looked up to see Darvus, stony-eyed and wearing an expression that I’d never seen 
before. “She was just barely able to fall asleep with a sedative. Don’t wake her up.”
Stannard was also nearby, disheveled and covered in dirt. After seeing me, though, he 
looked away.
Neither appeared to have any injuries besides a few scratches and scrapes, but the 
same couldn’t be said for Caria.
I watched, horrified, as the emitter continued closing the wounds on her left leg… or 
rather, what was left of it. The man had his hands clasped over the mangled stump, 
blood gushing between his fingers. Then the skin began to stretch and grow, knitting 
itself together to form a lumpy knot of flesh.
I had known that emitters couldn’t regenerate new limbs, but seeing the healed stump 
of Caria’s leg, which now ended just above the knee, it hit me that this was real, 
irreversible.
The bright and energetic Caria, whose talent as an augmenter was only outshined by 
her love for martial arts, would never be able to walk on her own two feet again.
“H-how…” I stammered, my vision blurry with tears.
“How?” Darvus snarled. “You leave us to go on your own solo crusade and—”
“Stop, Darvus. People are watching.” Stannard pulled Darvus away. “I apologize for his 
outburst, Head Tessia,” he said, and though he met my gaze, it was as though he were 
looking straight through me.
I shook my head. “Stannard…”
He turned away, moving to stand by Caria and speaking to the emitter in a low voice.
Caria’s injury was the blow that really drove it home. Darvus was right. It was my fault. 
I should have been there to protect her. I let her down.
“It’s time to go,” a familiar voice said from behind me.
I didn’t look back—my eyes remained focused on Caria in her peaceful slumber. How 
would that change when she woke up? Would she blame me like Darvus and Stannard 
obviously did? Would she hate me?
I wiped my tears with the back of my hand, imagining her future. Her time as a soldier 
and adventurer was over. She would have to return home, perhaps go back into service 
with the Clarell household. Would they even have her, with a missing leg? Perhaps I 
could have my parents bring her on within the Zestier estate, if it survived the coming 
battle—
“Tessia Eralith.”
The voice snapped me out of my thoughts. Turning around, I found General Aya behind 
me with several guards.
“The rider is ready to depart. You’ll be going back to the castle immediately, Head 
Tessia,” the general stated as she turned around.
“The castle?” I replied. “I don’t understand. The Alacryan army is marching towards 
Zestier right now. There’s no time to visit—”
General Aya gave me a sharp look over her shoulder, cutting off my words. “Perhaps I 
haven’t made myself clear. You are to be withdrawn from battle until further notice.”
My stomach dropped. “Wait, no—General! I—I can still fight! Please.”
Though she kept her voice polite, I could sense the Lance’s impatience. “I have already 
informed the Council that you are unfit for battle. Please be wary of your position as 
an Eralith, and do not make a scene.”
No, no, no! I needed to fight—I needed to make up for my mistakes. I needed to show 
Caria and everyone else that I could do better!
As Aya began to walk away, her dark hair billowing behind her, I grabbed onto her arm. 
“General, I’m one of the few silver core mages ready to fight. I can’t just hide in the 
castle while the elven kingdom is under—”
“Your job was to hold a line and prevent the enemy from pursuing a slow-moving 
civilian caravan until backup arrived. From what I’ve been told, you abandoned your 
position as leader of this unit in favor of playing the hero.” The Lance pried my fingers 
off her arm and regarded me coldly. “The remainder of your unit that is still fit for 
battle will join my division effective immediately.”
The Lance’s words crashed down on me like an avalanche, freezing me to the core. She 
turned away, dismissing me as if I were a child, and handed the wyvern-rider a scroll. 
“Take her straight to the castle and get this to Commander Virion.”
Before mounting the wyvern that would take me away from Elshire, away from Elenoir 
and my chance to defend my home, I allowed myself one last furtive glance back at 
Darvus and Stannard.
Neither would look me in the eye.
The hollowness I felt at that moment hurt more than any injury I had suffered fighting 
by their side.
VIRION ERALITH
It was chaos. Live updates—a majority from Zestier City—were being branded onto 
the transmission scrolls faster than we could sort and read them. Piles of the 
communication artifacts were littered all over the meeting room, and the 
Councilmembers hurriedly flipped through more.
The frantic pace of the news rolling in only fueled the fiery tension that had already 
built up in the room.
A sudden thud drew my attention to Alduin, who had thrown a stack of transmission 
scrolls on the ground. My son grabbed Blaine Glayder by his collar and slammed him 
against the wall.
“Look at these reports from Elenoir, damned you,” he hissed. “I warned you, Glayder. I 
warned you!”
The guards had stepped forward to break up the confrontation, but I gestured for them 
to stay back.
The former King Glayder, usually so proud, looked… ashamed. “It was impossible to 
predict something like this could happen, Alduin.”
“Impossible?” Alduin spat, his face within an inch of the human’s. “An army of Alacryan 
mages is currently approaching Zestier, the very heart of Elenoir. The death toll will 
be catastrophic—there are barely enough soldiers in Elenoir to implement our plan 
for evacuation, because you refused to allow us to relocate our own soldiers to protect 
their homes, yet you look me in the eyes and tell me it was impossible to predict?”
Merial rested a hand on her husband’s elbow and said, “Alduin, I understand your 
anger but please, this isn’t the time or place to do this.”
Jerking his arm free from his wife’s hold, he swung his fist—still clutching the 
transmission scroll sent by General Aya—squarely into Blaine’s jaw. “My daughter
nearly died because of your greed!”
Priscilla Glayder rushed to Blaine’s side as he slid down the wall, rubbing his jaw and 
glaring quietly up at my son. Buhnd sat idly, his usual look of amusement replaced by 
a grim frown.
“How many times did I ask for more elven troops to be placed back in Elenoir? How 
many times did I plead because I was afraid something exactly like this would happen? 
This could lead to the fall of the entire elven kingdom!”
Tears flowed freely down Alduin’s face as he exercised his frustration, fear, and anger. 
Merial gently wrapped her arms around him, comforting my son in a way that I 
couldn’t.
I had no right. After all, the weight of his words didn’t just fall on the Glayders, but to 
me as well. I had ultimately sided with the Glayders and agreed to keep the elven 
troops in Sapin. Commanding this war effort was my responsibility, and the events 
unfolding in Elenoir rested on my shoulders.
I had been overconfident in the magical defenses of the Elshire Forest. I was wrong. 
That simple acknowledgment seemed stuck deep in the back of my throat; I didn’t 
have the strength to say it aloud.
Instead, I stared at the transmission scroll sent from Etistin.
Now isn’t the time to doubt my decisions.
I quickly flipped the scroll and tucked it into another pile nearby before speaking.
“Enough! Now is not the time to be pointing fingers. Get out and cool off, all of you,” I 
ordered. “Councilmembers Alduin and Merial, Tessia should be arriving soon. Take 
some time to be there for her.”
Shifting my gaze towards the Glayders, I said, “Take a break, and just know that, 
whatever happens, no one person is at fault.”
I waited for the guards to escort the members of the Council out. Alduin and Merial 
left first, and, from the way my son’s sharp eyes flashed with indignation and anger, I 
knew he blamed me as well.
Blaine stopped in the doorway and looked back. “I know you swore an oath to be 
impartial, to show no favoritism toward Elenoir, Darv, or Sapin, but I won’t blame you 
for protecting your home.”
He didn’t wait for me to reply as he walked out, one arm around his wife.
Buhnd was the last to leave; he had been unusually quiet, and his expression was 
unreadable.
Alone for the first time in many hours, I found the sudden quiet unsettling. The 
messages written on the transmission scrolls seemed to radiate a sort of mental 
pressure, and the cumulative effect was almost suffocating.
Sighing heavily, I retrieved the transmission scroll that had come from Etistin and read 
it again. The contents of this scroll, and the many more soon to come, would stun the 
rest of the Council. I felt nearly paralyzed by the report, but I couldn’t let that happen. 
At least one of us needed to be in their right mind, which was why I hadn’t revealed it 
to them—even if it gave me only a few hours reprieve. I needed that time to put my 
thoughts in order.
There were now over three hundred ships—each one filled with Alacryan soldiers—
approaching our western shores, and there would undoubtedly be Scythes and 
retainers amongst them. The corrupted beasts at the Wall, the sudden appearance of 
an army within the Elshire Forest, and now these ships… The timing was too perfect. 
They had carefully planned this moment, and I couldn’t help but fear that this war was 
reaching a turning point.
Fortunately, Bairon and Varay were already close by, but the presence of two Lances 
wouldn’t be enough—even having all five of our Lances at Etistin might not be enough. 
I knew Buhnd wouldn’t argue if I withdrew General Mica from Darv, and Arthur 
should’ve been nearly finished with his role at the Wall.
That only left the elven Lance.
Could I withdraw General Aya from Elenoir and deny them reinforcements? Would I 
essentially abandon Elenoir by taking the Lance away or risk allowing another even 
larger army to step foot on our land?
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Cylrit, Sylvie, and I stood in the air above the canopy of trees. I gripped Dawn’s Ballad 
in my hand as I considered my options, none of which seemed good.
Despite Sylvie’s recent growth, she wouldn’t be able to handle the retainer by herself, 
but neither could she find Tess within the magical fog spread over Elshire Forest. The 
best option was to end this battle as fast as possible. However, expending too much 
energy and mana in a fight now could be detrimental for the real battles soon to come.
Sylvie, I’m pretty confident I can beat Cylrit on my own, but if his aim is to just stall for 
time, an extended battle works in his favor. Let’s wrap this up quickly—together.
While the speed of my flight was by no means slow, it was difficult to utilize my fighting 
style, which consisted of sharp movements and bursts of speed, in the air.
‘I agree,’ she confirmed, mana already gathering around her at an extraordinary rate.
A solid panel of condensed mana formed beneath my feet, giving me a platform to fight 
on.
Expressionless, Cylrit merely lifted his greatsword into a defensive position as I closed 
in.
I focused on a space about three paces in front of Cylrit, and my bond conjured another 
translucent panel beneath my right foot. This allowed for another quick change in 
direction as I pushed off Sylvie’s conjuration. The retainer’s eyes calmly followed my 
movements and his greatsword remained steady.
Dawn’s Ballad whistled as its sharp edge cut through the air toward Cylrit’s chest, but 
my teal blade jerked off course and rang against the retainer’s pitch-black blade. It had 
felt as though Dawn’s Ballad were being pulled by an invisible hand directly into the 
behemoth sword.
The sensation disappeared as soon as our blades clashed, but when I swung again, 
Dawn’s Ballad was again attracted to his mysterious sword.
Frustrated and eager to end this fight quickly, I activated the first phase of my beast 
will.
Static Void.
The colors around me inverted, freezing everything but myself in place. I pressed the 
broken tip of Dawn’s Ballad into a gap in the motionless retainer’s armor, then 
released Static Void. Even at point-blank range, though, my sword veered away from 
Cylrit’s torso, barely nicking him while leaving me drained.
Damn it! I thought, grinding my teeth.
Sylvie reacted immediately to my failed attempt by conjuring another platform beneath 
my feet, which let me quickly gain distance from Cylrit.
I was breathing heavily; Static Void was a spell passed down to me from Sylvia, but it 
required manipulating aevum, which wasn’t compatible with my mastery of aether. 
Even as a white core mage, using it for extended periods was tiring.
“I was taught of the various mana arts that the asura clans had forged, including the 
‘aether arts’ of the Indrath Clan. Experiencing it in person, though, I can see why it’s 
to be feared,” Cylrit said, looking down at his wound.
Having no intention of exchanging frivolities with him, I mentally nudged my bond.
Sylvie, fire a few shots behind him.
‘Got it.’
Just as arrows of mana manifested in the air behind the retainer, I launched a blast of 
frost and a bolt of lightning. The ice blast spread into a cone while the lightning 
branched off to completely cover our opponent, but to no avail.
With a single sweep of his sword, our spells were sucked up and completely eaten 
away by the black blade.
Sylvie snorted in irritation. ‘What a troublesome ability.’
Impatience welled up inside me as I watched Cylrit maintain his stance, not even 
bothering to attack. Instead, he made a show of pulling out a small scroll and reading 
it. When he looked up, his gaze shifted from Sylvie to me before saying, “One of my 
scouts has confirmed that the elven princess has been withdrawn from battle.”
“Do you honestly expect me to believe you and just walk away?” I spat.
Worried that the retainer’s ability to absorb mana might somehow damage Dawn’s 
Ballad, I sheathed the sword and conjured two frozen blades—condensing layer upon 
layer of ice to reinforce their durability—before rushing towards him again.
Cylrit’s cold eyes narrowed as I quickly approached.
The blades of ice clashed with his sword, generating a blast of pressure from the 
impact. Even with mana coating my weapons, several cracks had appeared from the 
impact.
Mending the scarred surface of the weapons, I launched into a series of cuts, feints, 
and counters. Again and again, my swords were forced to change direction mid-swing, 
always ending pressed against his blade.
Hoping there would be a bit of delay in between the gravitational pull from his sword, 
I purposely abandoned the ice swords, quickly conjuring new ones to strike again. The 
result was the same, but I tried again—and again.
“If your master is really on our side, this is a meaningless battle, Cylrit,” I growled, 
releasing yet another conjured sword from my hand and shooting a blast of fire at his 
legs.
That’s when I sensed it: Something within his weapon changed. Not visibly, but it 
happened just after the sword I had let loose was pulled into his sword and I had shot 
the fire.
I activated Realmheart, surprising both Sylvie and Cylrit, and did it again, throwing my 
other ice sword at Cylrit while simultaneously conjuring an arc of lightning.
The mana fluctuation within his greatsword—now visible to me with Realmheart—
changed in the middle of his swing as he blocked both the solid composition of my ice 
sword and the mana-fueled lightning.
His sword can only attract one or the other at once!
Cylrit gazed at me with annoyance, and I was certain that he had realized what I was 
doing, but it didn’t matter. I knew his weakness.
Sylvie, capitalizing on our discovery, quickly cast the spell she had been preparing. 
Like a brilliant firework display, hundreds of sparks with blazing trails flew outward 
from her. Rather than fade, though, the sparks of light remained suspended in the air 
all around us.
A wave of fatigue leaked into me from my bond, but it was buttressed by her 
determination.
‘I need to concentrate fully on maintaining this mana art. Don’t let Cylrit near me.’
With a mental nod, I burst forward, using a condensed blast of wind to aid my 
acceleration. I didn’t know if we could pull off the sort of coordination we would need 
to follow through with Sylvie’s plan, but I committed.
Cylrit was obviously wary of the gleaming sparks of light surrounding him, but his 
attention remained focused on me as the more immediate threat.
A single blade of ice appeared in my hand as I approached the retainer. The spark of 
light beneath my right foot turned into a panel for me to push off of, allowing me to 
sharply change my direction. Another spark turned into a platform, and another, until 
I was dancing around Cylrit fast enough for him to lose track of me briefly.
‘Now!’ Sylvie expressed.
I pushed off a platform of mana directly behind the retainer, my blade poised.
Even without his powerful vacuum ability, however, Cylrit’s reflexes were at least as 
good as mine—maybe better. He whirled around, his large sword moving so quickly 
that it might have been a child’s toy.
The mana composition changed within his weapon and I felt my blade of ice being 
drawn off course.
Sylvie triggered one of the sparks of mana hovering nearby; a blinding beam of pure 
mana shot out towards Cylrit just as my blade clashed with his. The retainer, unable 
to alter his weapon’s ability fast enough, took the impact across his shoulder. The spell 
glanced off his armor, leaving an ash-gray scorch mark on the black metal.
I let the ice sword melt away, instead concentrating mana into my fist before swinging 
hard at my opponent’s face while simultaneously releasing a blast of lightning with 
my other hand.
Cylrit opted to absorb the lightning while using his own arm to block my fist. As he 
was reeling from the blow, I conjured a huge ice-blade and struck.
Off-balance and unable to redirect my attack, Cylrit took the full force of my blade right 
below his ribs. The mana around his body negated the brunt of the attack, but, by the 
blood leaking from the corner of Cylrit’s lips, I knew we had landed our first successful 
attack.
We continued to stay on the offensive, mixing spells with swordplay or even attacking 
with my own hands and feet.
It’s working, I thought to Sylvie.
My bond triggered another spark, releasing a blast of mana, while I hailed dozens of 
ice-spikes down on the retainer. Before either of our attacks could reach Cylrit, 
however, the retainer spun towards me. I barely managed to dodge the kick aimed at 
my face, but his foot still scuffed me on the shoulder.
Tumbling back in the air, I was still trying to regain my balance when I saw a black 
object advancing directly at me. It was Cylrit’s sword, along with the barrage of icicles, 
which were being pulled towards it.
I grabbed on to one of Sylvie’s suspended sparks to stop myself from tumbling, and 
four other sparks lit up and connected to form a large barrier between me and the 
sword. The dark blade pierced through Sylvie’s mana barrier, but the ice shards all 
shattered on impact.
I dodged Cylrit’s weapon easily enough, but the retainer followed up with an explosive 
mid-air dash to launch another kick.
Barely managing to duck out of the way, I imbued my fist with lightning, but as I tried 
to strike at him, a force pulled the spell surrounding my fist back behind me.
This gave Cylrit enough time to land a solid punch to my jaw. The mana protecting me 
soaked up some of the force, but my vision still swam from the impact. I dodged the 
next blow and tried to gain some distance from him but he stuck closely to me.
Around us, the sparks glowed threateningly; Sylvie was waiting for a chance to release 
another blast of mana. Cylrit’s sword was still pulling at my lightning-cloaked fist, 
leaving the retainer open—
“Do it!” I roared.
A note of panic and confusion bloomed in my bond’s mind, but I expressed my 
confidence and determination.
Sylvie fired everything she had.
The sky lit up as every single spark fired a bright beam of mana directly at us.
Though my instincts shrieked for me to dodge out of the way, I grabbed hold of Cylrit 
and held him in place instead.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s horrified voice screamed in my head.
The retainer struggled to break free from my grasp, his attention focused not on the 
spell but on his sword behind me. It was obvious that he was trying to get his weapon 
back, but I smashed my forehead into his nose to distract him, keeping his focus on 
me. I repeated the headbutt again, then a third time, until the heat from Sylvie’s mana 
beams radiated across my back.
Static Void.
The world grew still again; the cluster of beams was inches away from us.
I tried prying myself away from Cylrit, but the retainer had been holding onto the furlined mantle that Virion had passed down to me. Scrambling, already feeling the 
fatigue, I pulled free of the cloak and dropped down out of harm’s way, then released 
Static Void.
Color shifted back to normal and I watched from a distance as Cylrit’s figure 
disappeared within the beams of mana.
Damn. So much for not wasting my energy, I cursed myself.
Cylrit’s abilities made it a bad match-up and there was still much to be desired from 
the coordination between Sylvie and me; our timing had been off at times, and because 
of the complexity, we were limited in the number of platforms we could utilize. 
However, we managed to win without any serious injuries—a large improvement 
considering we got our asses handed to us by Uto, the last retainer we fought.
Cylrit’s figure plummeted down into the canopy of trees and fog below, but with 
Realmheart, I knew he was still alive.
I shared a tired look with Sylvie as we prepared to finish our journey to the elven 
kingdom, when a mild shock-pulse from within my pocket brought me to a stop.
It was the transmission scroll linked with my sister. I quickly unrolled it and read the 
short message now inscribed on the vellum.
Brother, please help. They’re dying. Come quick.
My hands trembled as I read and reread the message on the scroll. I didn’t know what 
to do. I couldn’t decide. I fumbled with the scroll, trying to shove it back in my pocket, 
but once that was done, I still floated there, irresolute.
The silence lingered for several long moments before Sylvie’s voice echoed in my head. 
‘Arthur. Let’s go.’
Sylvie understood my struggle, but appeared to have made up her mind. She quickly 
shifted into her draconic form, swooped underneath me and scooped me up.
‘We’ll assume that the retainer was telling the truth for now. Right now, your sister needs 
us back at the Wall.’
MICA EARTHBORN
The bouncer, a thickly muscled dwarf wearing a two-sizes-too-small tunic that 
strained against his chest and biceps, glowered as I approached. The bar was in a deep 
and distant tunnel well away from the bustling central caverns, and I had seen none 
but the worst sorts in and out over two days and nights of observation. Many Alacryan 
soldiers, survivors of the Battle of Slore or agents left within Vildorial, the capital city 
of Darv, still skulked within the tunnels, aided and abetted by a group of dwarven 
radicals. I was sure that several had stayed here recently, though I hadn’t seen them 
come or go.
Stepping forward and holding out a hand, the bouncer said, “Sorry missy, I think you’re 
in the wrong place. Better turn around and—” Blood spurted from his mouth as his 
jaws were forced shut, biting down on his wagging tongue. His knees buckled, and he 
collapsed.
He lay awkwardly on the ground, his limbs twisted at odd angles as if he were a bug 
and a giant foot was crushing him into the earth. His wide eyes stared up at me in 
panic.
“In eight seconds, ten if you’re tougher than you look, you’ll pass out. Mica will release 
her Gravity Hammer spell and you will not die. When you wake—” I stopped speaking. 
The bouncer was unconscious. Releasing the spell, I stepped through the now
unguarded doorway into a dim, smoke-filled barroom.
Embarrassing. The room was roughly circular in shape with a rounded ceiling. Even in 
the dim light and through the haze of brackish smoke, it was obvious how roughly 
hewn this room was. The bar and chairs looked as if they’d been grown by magic, as 
was normal for nearly all dwarven dwellings, but it was poorly done.
This place is a testament to the old adage: Even a dwarf can dig too deep and live too 
long in the dark.
Three dwarven men sat at a dark table near the far wall, their heads bent low over 
their beers, but their hushed conversation ended the moment they noticed me 
standing in the doorway.
The barman, an aged dwarf with a graying beard tucked into his belt and his hair 
pulled up into a topknot, glared. “Get gone, child,” he grumbled. “This is no place for 
the likes of you.”
Wordlessly, I moved up to the bar, sat on a stone stool that wobbled on three uneven 
legs, and waggled a finger toward the graybeard. When he didn’t immediately approach, 
I rolled my eyes and signaled more enthusiastically. Begrudgingly, the barman stepped 
forward, leaning slightly across the bar.
“If one more man tells Mica where she should be, she’ll crush this sad hovel and search 
for the remains of her prey within the rubble.” I shot the barman a cheery smile as his 
forehead suddenly plummeted, bouncing off the bar with enough force to crack the 
rough stone. “Now, unless you think your skull is harder than this stone—which, to be 
fair, it may be—then you will avoid insulting Mica again and instead do your very best 
to assist in the location of a handful of Alacryan mages who Mica believes are hiding 
somewhere around here.”
“Sh-shove off!” the barman growled as he wiped at the blood running down his face 
and into his beard. Before I could reply, my attention was drawn by the scraping of 
stone stools across the hard-earth floor.
I watched with amusement as the three sturdy men walked slowly toward me. They 
wore hard looks and made a show of rolling up their sleeves as they approached. I 
waited for them to make the first move.
The lead dwarf, a taller-than-average man with blue-black hair that hung in tangled 
sheets down to his belt, looked me in the eye and spit into the dirt at my feet. “You 
seem to have made a mistake. You must’ve thought this was the kind of establishment 
where a human-feet-licking pseudo-dwarf could stumble into with her fine clothes 
and superior attitude and do whatever the hell she wants. In the process, you seem to 
have hurt my friend. Now, I’ll ask you kindly to offer Ludo here an apology for your 
rudeness, and then you can be on your way.”
I looked at the dwarf in surprise. Even in Darv, where a third of the population hated 
me and everything I represented as a Lance, no one had dared speak to me like this.
Pseudo-dwarf indeed!
When the late King and Queen Greysunders had betrayed the Council and attempted 
to side with the Alacryans, many dwarves supported them. There were Alacryan 
sympathizers all throughout Darv, and they viewed my allegiance to the Council as the 
betrayal.
“Mole got your tongue, girl?” the lead dwarf sneered, drawing me out of my thoughts. 
“That’s what I thought. You lot are all the same. Know a little bit of magic and you think 
it makes you special. What’s it let you do other than bully an old barkeep, though, eh? 
Ludo’s still waiting for that apology.”
I slid off my rickety stool, turned to the barman, and nodded. “Mica apologizes for the 
knock, graybeard. Clearly, Mica was smacking around the wrong man.”
Turning back to the black-haired dwarf, who glared angrily at me and was fingering 
the knife at his belt, I said, “Mica is certain a band of Alacryan survivors has been 
through here, and you seem more than stupid enough to be a supporter. Where are 
they hiding?”
Grunting in an “I tried to warn you” sort of way, the dwarf ripped a jagged knife from 
his belt and lunged forward, mana clinging tightly around him. The knife flashed 
across my throat, and then my attacker stepped back into a guard position, smirking 
confidently. Eager to see the realization dawn over his squashed face, I simply waited.
The victorious grin slid into confusion, and then finally slumped into a look of dismay. 
The dwarven man stared down at the knife in his hand, the edge of which had been 
ground flat against my protective layer of mana.
Before the dwarves could do anything else but stare, I conjured two massive hands of 
stone. They reached up through the floor, filling the small space with the sound of 
grinding and rending, and grasped the second and third dwarves, who had thus far 
been satisfied to snarl and grimace menacingly in the background while their leader 
did all the talking. The unfortunate men yelped in terror, blindly trying to wrench 
themselves free of the massive fists, but they were held fast.
Their leader, perhaps realizing he’d made a grave error, bolted for a door on the far 
side of the bar. With every step, though, he went slower and slower, until it appeared 
he could not even lift his feet from the floor.
He fell to his knees, then to his stomach as I increased the pressure of gravity weighing 
down upon him.
The barman, Ludo, grabbed something from under the stone bar and lifted it up: a 
crossbow, already loaded. The contraption clanked and a steel-tipped bolt flew 
through the air, but I redirected it with a thought. Instead of firing straight at me, the 
bolt curved downward dramatically, burrowing into the earth floor. A moment later, 
Ludo fell into the air, tumbling head over heels and crashing into the ceiling.
Smiling, I kneeled down and pulled the bolt from where it had stuck in the dirt. “Where 
are the Alacryans hiding?” I asked again. “Come on, Mica knows you can still speak. 
Tell her, and she’ll take the fight to them. Or you may keep your silence—forever.”
From where he was pressed into the ceiling, Ludo grunted, “Freedom—for the—
dwarves. You’re nothing but—a dog—for the humans and elves.”
With a flick of my wrist, I tossed the bolt behind the bar. It was caught in the gravity 
manipulation and fell upwards, lodging itself point first in Ludo’s chest. Looking down, 
he met my eyes and attempted to spit, though the spittle only splashed across his own 
face and beard. A moment later, he was dead.
Blood pooled on the ceiling, running through the ridges and swells of the roughlyhewn stonework. When it ran to the edge of the reversed gravity, it began to drip from 
the roof down into the dirt. I let the spell fade, and his corpse fell with a thud back 
behind the bar.
“Please!” shouted one of the restrained dwarves. He was young, his mud-colored beard 
barely extending past his chest. His wide, wet eyes were dripping with fear. “Please, I 
can tell you. They’re not here, but—”
“Shut your hole, Oberle,” the leader hissed from his place on the floor. I pressed down 
with Gravity Hammer, crushing the air from his lungs and silencing him.
“Oberle, is it? Well, at least one of you has some sense. So, if the invaders aren’t here, 
Oberle, where are they?”
With a glance at his companion, who was clawing at the ground in desperation, Oberle 
began speaking in a rush. “Ludo’s bar’s one in a network of safe houses for the 
remaining Alacryans, where they can rest or hide—sometimes they meet with 
dwarven folk, those who are tired of the Triunion’s favoritism toward the elves and 
humans, those who haven’t forgotten the Greysunders or their assassination.
“I haven’t seen any soldiers in or out in a few days, but I know where some of them 
have kipped up. Torple”—his eyes darted to the flattened dwarf on the floor—“took 
me along for a delivery once. There’s an underground grotto a few days’ walk out from 
here—real isolated—maybe thirty soldiers there when I saw it.”
“Oh, most excellent, Oberle!” I clapped my hands happily, and the stone fist gripping 
Oberle released, then crumbled to dust at his feet. “Mica is so glad to have you as her 
guide. Please follow. This information must reach the rest of the team, and you’ll be 
staying with Mica until the Alacryan infestation has been exterminated.”
“What—what about Torple and Eroc?” Oberle moved stiffly, casting a look back at his 
companions. “You have to understand, they’re not bad people—just angry, and tired, 
and frightened.”
“The city watchmen will collect them. Perhaps when this war is over, there will be a 
place for them in Vildorial. That won’t be up to Mica to decide.”
It was a long walk back through the outer tunnels of Vildorial to the central caverns. I 
would have liked to have flown back but was doing my best to keep a low profile. Many 
of those who dwelled in the high caverns or deep tunnels didn’t recognize me by 
appearance alone, but why would they? The Lances had spent precious little time in 
Darv since being knighted, and I was no city watchman to be seen patrolling the dim 
tunnels.
Fire salt. The stink of it is everywhere down here. Mica hates the smell of fire salt.
Still, the war, the betrayal of the Greysunders, the removal of Rahdeas from the 
Council… I could see the toll it had taken on the dwarves. Though the nobility 
weathered these events with the stoicism of those who had already carved out a stable 
life for themselves, down in the deep tunnels—where the laborers, miners, and 
magicless lived and worked—I saw questions in every face.
These dwarves, through no fault of their own, were trapped in a civil war, torn between 
allegiance to Dicathen and the Triunion and their leaders’ alliance with the Alacryan 
forces.
Many of these folk would happily sit by and let the two sides rip one another apart if 
it meant they could go back to the daily business of survival in Darv, hard enough 
without the threat of becoming embroiled in a war they didn’t understand and didn’t 
want.
“Mica would like to hear more about you, Oberle. There is another hour’s walk to reach 
our destination, so it might as well pass in conversation.”
“Um…” Oberle ran his fingers through his beard nervously. “What—what do you want 
to know?”
“Dwarves are always so afraid to be introspective. Mica had forgotten what it’s like to 
have to talk to other dwarves. Except for Olfred and…”I trailed off at the thought of my 
friend, mentor, and rival. Olfred Warend, the other dwarven Lance, had been a part of 
Rahdeas’s coup and had attempted to murder both Generals Aya and Arthur, a battle 
that ended in his death.
“I—I suppose I can… I’m of clan Lastfire, but I doubt you’ve ever heard of us. Miners, 
mostly. Used to mine ore, working for whichever outfit was paying, but before my time 
my great uncle came into a vein of fire salt, so the whole clan has been working it for 
the last hundred years or so.”
I sniffed, realizing he stunk of fire salt. Gross. “Are all your clansmen traitors to 
Dicathen, or just you?” Oberle stopped walking and gave me a hard stare. “What is it? 
Do you, perhaps, disagree with Mica’s assessment of your life choices? Please explain 
then—and keep walking.”
Oberle did as I said, but a dark cloud seemed to have rolled over him. “I’m not a traitor, 
and neither are my clansmen. Maybe things look different from the lofty perch you live 
on, but outside of the great caverns things aren’t great. First, we hear whispers of war 
and then our king and queen uproot their entire court and move off to some castle in 
the sky while joining this Triunion and aligning the dwarves with elves and humans.
“Next thing we know, the Greysunders are dead and Counselor Rahdeas has become 
the sole voice for the dwarves on Dicathen, and he, it turns out, is also allied with the 
invaders. Our king, queen, and voice on the Council all turned out to be in league with 
Alacrya. What does that mean for dwarves in the tunnels? Are we allies of the 
Alacryans? Are we still represented on the Council? Can we expect Sapin and Elenoir 
to send their armies marching into our homes? Many were the questions, few the 
answers.”
I said nothing. This had been a common excuse for the current situation within Darv.
“My father told the clan to keep their noses out of it,” Oberle continued. “‘Not our 
business,’ he told us. ‘Not when there’s fire salt to be dug.’ So far’s I know, I’m the only 
one that didn’t listen, and even that wasn’t on purpose.”
“Oh? So you accidentally became complicit in the criminal act of harboring fugitives of 
war?” I ran a hand theatrically through my hair. “That sounds like quite a tale. Mica is 
dying to hear it!”
Oberle shook his head angrily, wringing his beard with his hands as he answered. 
“Eroc is an old family friend. We’ve been drinking at Ludo’s since well before the 
Council was formed and the war announced. I never meant to get involved, but Ludo, 
Torple, Eroc—all they talked about was building a better world for dwarves, 
reclaiming the honor of our ancestors, lifting our people out of the dirt… It was just 
talk, or so I thought. Then the Alacryans came, and I got scared. I’m no activist. I was 
just—just sort of there.”
“Did you ever meet the Greysunders? Or Councilor Rahdeas?” I asked seriously.
“No.”
“Mica was bound to them, stood guard over their beds while they slept, heard their 
most intimate moments, was trusted with their every secret—almost every secret. 
And do you know what Mica learned?”
Genuine curiosity writ on his face, Oberle replied, “No. What?”
“The king and queen were selfish dogs. Constantly they plotted, not for the betterment 
of Darv or reclamation of our rights as an equal nation, but for their own well being 
and the downfall of those that had personally crossed them. More than that, they were 
weak. Rahdeas, on the other hand, loved Darv too much, and sought to elevate the 
dwarves by climbing a mountain of the dead. Both failed to live up to expectations.”
Oberle looked away. His eyes fell upon a small girl dancing past us behind two dirty, 
tired-looking dwarves. The girl, noticing Oberle’s gaze, pulled something from a 
pocket in her discolored dress and threw it into the air. A plume of shimmering dust 
rose around her, sparkling blue, red, and silver. The girl giggled and Oberle smiled.
My declaration regarding the dwarven leaders was met with silence. Perhaps that has 
given the young dwarf something to think about. That is good. We dwarves need to spend 
more time thinking.
The Earthborn Institute, where my team and I were staying, was not far away at that 
point. With traffic growing thicker so close to the central caverns of Vildorial, I knew 
silence would be best around this many ears. Which of these dwarves are Alacryan 
sympathizers? Which would put an axe in this boy’s skull to keep him from giving up the 
Alacryan hideout?
“What do the Alacryans want?” Oberle asked suddenly.
“Only the enslavement of every human, elf, and dwarf on Dicathen—and all the 
resources under, on, and above Dicathen too—to further the continuation of a war 
older than our entire nation.”
Oberle only nodded.
A lot changed after Cecilia’s accident at school. Although the enforcers couldn’t just 
take Cecilia and lock her away, they were able to force Cecilia to attend sessions at a 
nearby government facility for “tests” under the guise of helping her “control her 
abilities.”
It didn’t help that Cecilia was an orphan like Nico and I were. Since she didn’t have a 
legal guardian—Headmaster Wilbeck having passed away—supposedly wealthy or 
powerful individuals kept extending their desire to adopt her. Still, we had some basic 
rights, and Cecilia was able to avoid being auctioned off to the highest bidder like some 
prized pet.
I’d like to say that I was there to help my friend as she endured the stresses and 
hardships that came with being under the spotlight, but that would be a lie.
Training with Lady Vera became even more intensive as I continued to exceed her 
expectations. She had the authority to allow me to skip most of my classes, her own 
training regimen being several times more intensive than the academy. If I wasn’t 
training or sparring, I was learning etiquette and basic courtly knowledge required to 
pass the exam to even qualify for the city level King’s Crown tournament. As it turned 
out, you had to be more than a good fighter—you needed the intellect and charisma 
to appeal to your country’s citizens.
It was while under the tutelage of Lady Vera—and her team of tutors dedicated to 
making sure I had a fighting chance to become a king—that I learned the role was
more akin to a glorified mascot than it was a leader.
Still, I needed the power and voice that came with the position. I hadn’t forgotten 
about the assassins who were responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s cruel death.
I also used that reason to justify my absence with Nico and Cecilia. Days, sometimes 
weeks, would go by without even being able to see their faces, and while I felt bad, I 
fooled myself into believing that becoming a king would solve everything.
I wasn’t as sensible or empathetic as Nico, nor were my feelings for Cecilia strong 
enough to overcome my desire to study and train. If anything, there was still a small 
part of me that blamed Cecilia for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. After my capture and 
torture, I had learned that the headmaster, who had been like a mother to me, was 
killed for protecting Cecilia.
It wasn’t fair for me to blame her—I knew that. I had swallowed those unjustified 
resentments long ago, but it still left a small fissure in our relationship. Perhaps that’s 
why I could never reciprocate the feelings Cecilia once had for me. Whatever the 
reason was, it didn’t matter. That was all in the past.
We were almost eighteen, soon to be legally adults, when Nico brought up his plan 
with Cecilia during one of our irregular phone calls. I had long suspected that the 
relationship between Nico and Cecilia had grown beyond friendship, but I was still 
surprised by what Nico had to say.
“You’re going to run away?” I asked incredulously, my lips pressed against the receiver.
“No… well, I guess, in a way.” Nico sighed. “You make my well-thought-out plan sound 
like some sort of prepubescent rebellion.”
“Because it sort of is,” I scoffed. “Do you think the government will let you get away 
with Cecilia? As far as they’re concerned, she’s a national asset.”
“Trust me, I know. But after Cecilia and I no longer need a guardian, we can drop out 
of school and go to a different country. The new prototype of the ki limiter I made is 
already several times more stable than the previous one, and that accounts for the 
growth in her ki levels.”
“How much has her ki level grown?” I asked despite myself. A part of me didn’t want 
to know the answer.
“According to her latest report—more than double.”
“No way. That’s—”
“Impossible? Nope. Apparently, it’s not just her inherent ki level that’s monstrous, but 
its growth as well. At this point, I just hope the team of researchers watching over her 
knows what they’re doing—no form of explosive growth can be perfectly stable.”
“Still, that’s ridiculous,” I said, lowering my voice. I couldn’t even imagine myself 
having a ki level so high. A majority of my training with Lady Vera consisted of 
compensating for my levels of ki despite the endless resources she had spent on 
medicines and supplements. If I had those ki levels, becoming a king would have been 
just a matter of time. No wonder the government wanted to control her so much.
“Training still rough?” Nico asked. He asked this question every time we talked.
“It’s getting a bit more bearable now, but yeah. Lady Vera’s tough, you know, but 
whatever it takes.”
“Why are you doing this to yourself?” Nico’s voice had grown cold and serious. He 
normally didn’t pry for details, but I guess he couldn’t contain himself. When I didn’t 
answer, he kept talking. “I barely see you nowadays. Hell, Cecilia isn’t as busy even 
with the government training sessions and politicians hounding her. When I do see 
you, you’re either bloody to the point that it's seeping through your uniform or you’re 
so sore you can hardly stand. Is being the king that important that it’s worth throwing 
away everything else?”
“You know it’s not as simple as that,” I said wearily.
“Yeah, I know. It’s apparently the dying wish of Headmaster Wilbeck for you to avenge 
her by wasting your life. Except that I really doubt she’d have wanted you to kill 
yourself for her, Grey, and especially not for some stupid revenge fantasy. Be honest 
with yourself. You’re not doing this for her at all; you’re doing this for yourself. You 
feel helpless, and you think becoming king will make you feel powerful.”
“Are you done?”
The line was silent for several long moments before Nico spoke again.
“Look, I didn’t mean to come off like such a jerk. I just wanted to say that Headmaster 
Wilbeck wouldn’t have wanted this for you—either of you. She would’ve wanted you 
and Cecilia to live as normal students and be happy with normal lives and families.”
“You know I can’t just let it go, Nico. Not after her murder was covered up as an 
accident and the whole thing just swept under the rug. Those assassins are part of a 
bigger organization, I just know it.”
“So you become a king and then snuff out the organization that killed Headmaster 
Wilbeck. Then what?” Nico pressed.
“Then I retire. Find a quiet place and ‘be happy with a normal life and family.’”
“Let’s hope it’s that easy.”
“What about you and Cecilia?” I asked, trying to change the subject of our conversation. 
“Do you have a particular country in mind, or are you content with going wherever the 
wind blows you?”
“Engineers never ‘go wherever the wind blows,’” he said with a scoff. “It’s all planned 
out—and it’s all legal, just… low-key.”
“Well, have you explained this master plan to Cecilia?”
“Not entirely, but—oh, speak of the devil.” Away from the microphone, Nico called out, 
“Cecil! I’m up here talking with Grey!”
There was a pause, then: “It’s been a while, Grey. How is training going for you?”
“It’s been going well,” I replied awkwardly. “How are you, Cecilia?”
“Fine. Thanks.”
Nico must have had his head right next to the receiver, next to Cecilia, because I heard 
his voice immediately after. He said, “We were just talking about our plans, Cecil.”
“N-Nico. I don’t think we should be talking about that over the phone,” Cecilia said, her 
voice distant as if she’d pulled away from the microphone.
“Come on, Cecil,” Nico said soothingly. “It’s not like we’re actually running away. We’re 
legally allowed to go to other countries, you know.”
“Still…” Cecilia’s voice trailed off.
I looked down at the watch strapped to my wrist. “My time’s up. I better get back down 
to the yard or Lady Vera will double my regimen for the rest of the day.”
“I’ll see you both again soon… hopefully,” I said as I disconnected the line. I really did 
want to see them, but I could never be confident when that would happen.
The day progressed normally, though I couldn’t shake Nico’s words, which followed 
me like a cloud throughout the day. Would Headmaster Wilbeck have wanted me to 
pursue this life? I couldn’t honestly say. It wasn’t as if we’d sat down and discussed the 
potential that she would be murdered and I would become king.
I was so distracted that Lady Vera eventually gave up in disgust and sent me to clean 
up and rest, though only after leaving me with several welts from her foil for my 
inattentiveness.
As I sank exhausted into bed, the phone rang. It was a number I didn’t recognize. 
Probably another reporter trying to dig up dirt on Lady Vera, I thought sourly. Since I 
had joined the ranks of the would-be kings and began training under Warbridge 
House, it was a regular occurrence for journalists and socialites to reach out to me, 
trying to get a story or an in with Lady Vera.
Ignoring the call, I set the phone to silent and rolled over, falling asleep the moment 
my eyes closed. Too soon, the sun was peeking through the curtains. The first thing I 
noticed was the small blinking light on my phone indicating a message. Picking up the 
phone, I pressed the button for my messages and a pleasant female voice played from 
the speaker.
“Hello. I’m calling from Etharia National Hospital for a Mr. Grey. I’m sorry to call so 
late, but you are listed as Nico Sever’s emergency contact. He was taken into urgent 
care a few minutes ago and is being prepped for surgery. If you get this message, please 
contact us immediately.”
Before I could fully make sense of the message, a second recording began to play.
“Hello. This is Etharia National Hospital calling again for Mr. Grey. We wanted to 
update you that Mr. Sever’s surgery is complete and he is resting comfortably. We still 
need to speak to you as his emergency contact. Please contact us when you receive 
this message.”
Nico had been hurt somehow, but he was okay now. What the hell happened, Nico?
“Hello Mr. Grey. I am calling from—No, Mr. Sever, it’s his voicemail again. You shouldn’t 
even be awake, sir, so I really don’t think—” For a moment, all I could hear was a 
scuffling noise and muffled speaking, then a different voice came on the line.
“Grey! They took her! I had just dropped her off and was on my way back when I 
remembered I forgot to give her the new prototype. I saw them shove her into a car. 
She was unconscious.” There was a pause and I heard the hospital employee say 
something in the background, though I couldn’t make out the words. “I said this was 
going to happen, Grey. I told you! It was the enforcers.” Then the message ended.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
‘Arthur. Take a look.’
Sylvie’s voice drew me out of the memories of my previous life, which only seemed to 
get more vivid with time.
The sun had set, enveloping the wild lands of the Beast Glades in a blanket of darkness. 
We were still miles from the Wall, but we could clearly see the battlefield as spell after 
spell lit up the night in shades of blue, red, and green.
They didn’t collapse the underground tunnel—or even let the beast horde get close to 
the Wall. I gnashed my teeth in frustration, sure that this had been the senior captain’s 
doing. I tried to swallow the rage building up inside, reminding myself that my plan 
had been a suggestion, but it had been up to the captains to defend the Wall as they 
best saw fit.
But my decision to leave the beast horde and help Tessia was based on the assumption 
that my suggestion would be implemented. It should’ve been implemented. Even 
before I left, the plan was already being implemented.
Ellie’s note was vague, but it felt urgent—desperate, almost. If anything happens to my 
family—
‘Arthur, we’re almost there,’ Sylvie said, interrupting my thoughts.
I sent her a mental confirmation and activated Realmheart. Using it so shortly after 
my fight with Cylrit sent sharp waves of pain through my veins but I ignored it. The 
dark evening’s muted tones were washed away, replaced by motes of colors. Some of 
these wisps and specks were floating freely while others were being absorbed and 
clustered in preparation for a spell to manifest.
Homing in on the Wall, I scanned the top line where rows of archers and conjurers 
were stationed, searching for Ellie’s distinct form of magic. I could only hope that my 
sister hadn’t run off somewhere.
We hovered high enough above the Wall so as to not be accidentally shot at by alarmed 
soldiers, but it didn’t take long for me to find my sister. Not many mages were able to 
shoot such well-structured arrows of pure mana, making the mana fluctuations 
around her fairly distinguishable.
There, I indicated to my bond, directing her to the battlement where Ellie was 
stationed and releasing Realmheart.
Bolts of fire and ice drew arcs in the dark as they rained down on the battlefield a few 
hundred feet from the Wall, far from the underground tunnels that had been rigged to 
collapse. Alongside the various spells and mana enhanced arrows were streaks of pale 
light: my sister’s mana arrows.
Sylvie quickly shifted into her human form as we neared our destination, and we flew 
down side by side. We landed softly but still sent a tremor of alarm through the 
soldiers stationed on the battlement. Weapons were raised against us, but the weight 
of my presence kept them from letting loose. These were all capable soldiers, but they 
could sense they were outmatched.
It was only when I stepped closer to a nearby illuminating artifact that Ellie ran into 
my arms.
“You scared the hell out of us!” my sister said in a strangled mixture of annoyance and 
relief. “The plan that was supposed to happen with the ground and the explosives—it 
didn’t happen! At first I thought that they were delaying the plan in order to draw 
more beasts toward the area where we set up the trap, but the soldiers that went out 
aren’t coming back.”
I pried my sister away, partly to talk to her face to face, partly to not let her hear my 
heart beating against my chest. “Ellie. Where are the others? Are—are the Twin Horns 
out there?”
Before my sister could answer, though, an officer in charge of this section came 
running toward me. After a hasty salute, he said, “G-good evening, General Arthur. My 
apologies that we weren’t able to give you a proper welcoming. I am Officer Mandir, if 
there’s anything I can—”
“I’m fine, Officer Mandir,” I snapped, cutting him off. The man flinched and shuffled 
back a step.
I turned my attention back to my sister. Sylvie had a consoling hand on my sister’s 
shoulder, calming her down enough to give us some solid answers.
“We’re required to stay in our positions, but Helen, who was watching over me, was 
able to leave. She never came back, but before the beast horde arrived, I saw Mom in 
the medic camp set up on the ground level. Dad or the other Horns… I haven’t seen 
any of them,” my sister sputtered.
“It’s okay, Ellie. Don’t worry, your brother will handle the rest,” I said, forcing a 
reassuring smile.
“W-what should I do? How can I help?” Ellie replied.
I shook my head. “Stay here. You’re a soldier now and this is your post. You wanted 
experience in a real battle, right?”
“Okay.” My sister’s gaze hardened. After giving Sylvie a quick hug, she bolted off back 
to her station.
“Is it safe for her to stay here?” my bond asked, unable to pry her gaze from my sister.
“If they’ve decided to forgo my plan, it means that they’re trying to keep the Wall as 
intact as possible. It’ll be safer for the soldiers on this side of the battle. But those in 
the field…”
I leaped off the edge, ignoring the surprised shouts of the soldiers. The two of us 
landed deftly on the ground level behind the fortress and made our way to the medical 
tents.
I pushed aside a tent flap for the fourth time and was finally rewarded with the sight 
of my mother. Her hands hovered over a patient, brows knit in concentration. She 
barked out orders to some of the other medics to have the patient moved and properly 
taken care of, then another gurney was rolled in front of her, carrying another injured 
soldier.
Her expression, her presence, her demeanor—it made me freeze in my tracks. The 
mother I knew and grew up with was nowhere to be seen, replaced by a strong and 
level-headed medic carrying the weight of the countless injured and dying.
I thought back to her words the last time we met, when we fought. She spoke of her 
duties here and the people that needed her help. Then I looked at the countless 
patients slowly recovering in their cots, all thanks to her abilities, and imagined how 
many would be dead already if it wasn’t for her.
“Are you okay, Arthur?” Sylvie asked, her concern leaking into my mind.
My mother’s white uniform was stained with blotches of red and brown, and her face 
was grimy with dirt, blood, and sweat, but she looked so… admirable.
The patient she was treating gained consciousness, and, though his face was knotted 
in pain, he reached up to my mother and gently placed a trembling hand on her arm. 
Despite the frenzy of activity going on around us, I heard his words clearly; with tears 
rolling down his cheeks, he smiled up at my mother and thanked her for saving his 
life.
Something bumped into me from behind, and I turned to see a started nurse looking 
over her shoulder at me. “Sir, you’re blocking the passage. Unless you’re critically 
injured, please—” The nurse stopped mid-sentence and scanned my body in concern. 
“Sir. Are your injuries bad? You’re crying.”
“No. I’m fine.” I looked away, letting my bangs cover my face. “My apologies. I’ll get out 
of the way.”
I walked back out of the tent to gather myself.
Sylvie stood by me, tears welling up in her eyes as well.
“She was right—they were both right,” I breathed, looking up at the starry night. I 
could still hear my father’s angry shouts as he called me hypocritical. My parents had 
tried to explain that I wasn’t the only one that could contribute to this war, but I was 
too stubborn and scared to listen.
“It’s good that you’ve realized,” Sylvie answered.
I turned to my bond, examining her face as she looked up at the sky. “So you thought 
so too? Why didn’t you tell me?”
Sylvie looked me in the eye. “I’ve been connected to you since I was born, Arthur. I 
know better than anyone how stubborn and sometimes irrational you get when it 
concerns the wellbeing of your loved ones. Would you have listened to my words if I 
had told you back then? Or would you have played the ‘I’ve lived two lives’ card and 
said you know best?”
I opened my mouth to speak—to argue—but no words came out.
Sylvie gave me a somber smile as she squeezed my arm. “Age isn’t always wisdom, 
Arthur. You’re learning that slowly.”
I shook my head, scoffing. “I’m such an idiot. An arrogant, hypocritical idiot.”
My bond leaned her head against me, letting me feel the warmth radiating from her 
horns. A wave of tender, comforting emotions radiated into me as she spoke. “Yes, but 
you’re our idiot.”
We stayed this way for another minute, letting our shared emotions sooth us, taking a 
small break from the world and what it was throwing at us, before going back into the 
tent.
“Arthur?” My mother’s voice was a mixture of confusion and worry.
I held up a hand, “Hi, Mom.”
Sylvie mimicked my gesture.
My mother flashed a smile at the two of us before focusing back on the task at hand. 
“Arthur, hand me a pair of pliers.”
Finding the bloody pliers in a metal tray, I handed it to her. Without looking up, she 
snatched the tool and used it to carefully set a snapped rib bone jutting out of the 
patient’s side back in place. The patient—different from the man we saw earlier—let 
out a gut-wrenching scream.
Unfazed by the howls of pain, my mother continued her spell, and I could see the 
exposed bone slowly mend together. I realized that she had narrowed her spell to only 
release from the tips of her middle and index fingers, allowing her to precisely control 
where the healing magic was disbursed and likely saving herself a large amount of 
energy in the process.
Several long moments passed as both Sylvie and I watched, entranced by my mother’s 
work. Despite the trauma that had haunted her all these years, I couldn’t see any traces 
of hesitation now.
It was only after she had finished that she shifted her attention to us. “Sorry, Arthur. 
There are just so many soldiers that need my attention. Hopefully, once the traps go 
off, it’ll be easier for Rey and the rest of the soldiers out there.”
“Wait, Dad’s out there right now, fighting?” I asked, panic rising in my voice.
“Not so much fighting as luring them towards the Wall,” she said, confused. “Wasn’t 
that the plan? Bury the beast horde by sacrificing the underground passages?”
No one had told her. It made sense—medics didn’t need up-to-date strategic information 
to continue doing their job. If anything, too much knowledge might hinder their focus.
“What about Helen? Didn’t she visit you?”
“She stopped by earlier but didn’t stay for long. Why?”
Helen hadn’t told her either, for the same reason that nobody else had told her. It was 
better if she didn’t know—there was nothing she could do about it anyway.
“What’s going on, Arthur?” Her liquid brown eyes peered into me, searching for an 
answer. It was the same look she always gave our family when she knew we were 
hiding something from her.
“Mom…” I began.
There was nothing she could do about it, but she still had the right to know.
“The troops are a lot farther away than planned, and there is no sign of our soldiers 
backing down.”
“What? That can’t be right. What about all of those explosives placed throughout the 
underground passages?” She seemed on the edge of panic; her eyes darted around the 
room, jumping from one wounded soldier to another, than back to me.
I shook my head. “It seems like one of the captains decided against the plan. They’ve 
gone with Trodius’s original strategy.”
My mother’s knees buckled. I caught her and eased her to the ground, but she 
suddenly looked ten years older.
“Don’t worry, Mom.” I smiled, trying to look as bright and reassuring as I could, but she 
only gazed fearfully up at me, her face pale. “I’m here now—we’re here. Sylvie and I 
are going to go out there. I’m sure Dad and the Horns are still kicking ass right now. 
I’ll make sure they get back safely,” I assured her, trying to get her back up on her feet. 
“I promise.”
MICA EARTHBORN
If any one aspect of Vildorial seemed unchanged, it was the mages scurrying about the 
Earthborn Institute as if the world was on fire and only they could put it out. Not far 
from the mark now, maybe. Though, perhaps the guards didn’t used to look on with 
quite such attentive suspicion, nor did they finger their axes and shortswords so 
nervously.
“Don’t worry, brave soldiers, this little sprite is with Mica and won’t cause any grief.” 
One of the guardsmen made to break off and provide an escort, but I shooed him away. 
“These halls are well known to Mica, and she doesn’t need a guide to find her team!”
Cheeks blooming red under his ruddy beard, the guard stopped and stammered out 
an apology before returning to his post.
If you asked most any dwarf, the Earthborn Institute was the finest magic school in all 
of Dicathen. It had been founded by the Earthborn clan hundreds of years ago and had 
been managed by the Earthborns since.
I had spent my formative years within those marble halls annoying my family and 
terrifying my professors. Even amongst the Earthborns, who were considered 
unusually talented at magic among the dwarves, I had always been considered a 
genius. Few dwarves could manipulate gravity, and none could do so with my level of 
proficiency. It’s a wonder you’ve stayed so humble, Mica dearest.
The halls were quiet, it being rather late and most of the students and staff having 
already retired for the evening, but I knew that the team would be waiting to hear 
about the night’s hunt. Oberle, following closely behind, seemed to grow more quiet 
and nervous the deeper into the school grounds I led him. The tunnel bumpkin is more 
scared here than he was back at the bar. How odd.
I heard the team even before opening the iron-bound door that led to our shared 
quarters. It sounded as if they were arguing, though I couldn’t make out the words. 
Eyes rolling, I pulled open the door, grabbed Oberle by his collar, and dragged him 
through.
“—forgotten why we’ve been sent here, Mr. Gideon—”
“—I do with my own time while not directly assisting in the war effort is none of your 
damned business—”
“—operation is essential to preventing the Alacryan army from making this a threefront war—”
“—done everything that has been asked of me, and will continue to do so, but I am an 
inventor, damn it, not a diplomat, and I—”
“Shut it!” A red-faced dwarf, his blond beard quivering with irritation, stomped 
between a middle-aged elven woman and a gray-haired human. “That’s enough! By the 
stones, if you two don’t quit your bickering, I’ll bury you both, consequences be 
damned!”
The room’s occupants fell into a shocked silence. The old man looked apoplectic, too 
outraged to even respond. The elf’s multi-colored eyes fell to the floor, but I could 
sense her mana seething within. From a seat nearby, a young, curly-haired human was 
peeking out from between her fingers. Leaning against the far wall, a second blond 
dwarf, identical to the first, seemed to be having a hard time keeping from bursting 
into a fit of laughter.
“Glad to see everyone getting along so well,” I chirped, dragging Oberle into the room 
and pushing him down into an empty chair. There was a brief pause as everyone 
realized that I had joined them, then each burst into a rapid fire explanation, speaking 
over each other and making it impossible to hear any one of them.
“General, I must protest to the extracurricular activities of Mr. Gideon—”
“Your attendant seems to think that it is she who is in charge of this investigation—”
“Cousin, you’d better have brought us actionable news, because my axe won’t stay 
sheathed much longer—”
One by one, they cut off their explanations. I gifted them my sweetest, most innocent 
expression, which told them if they didn’t stop speaking immediately something 
uncomfortable was likely to happen.
“Thank you all for waiting up. Dear Cousin, Mica does indeed bring ‘actionable news.’ 
Everyone, this is Oberle.” I waved toward the miner, who seemed to have lost the 
ability to move and sat, frozen, staring out at them all. “Oberle is a fire salt miner who 
has become embroiled in the Alacryan insurgency entirely by accident, and he has 
agreed to take us to an Alacryan camp he recently delivered goods to in order to make 
amends for his past mistakes.”
That got their attention.
“Oberle, this wizened human here is Artificer Gideon, master inventor and chief 
science officer to the Council itself.”
The old man stepped forward excitedly. “Fire salts, you say? Why, it just so happens 
that one avenue of my research here in Darv—”
“And this,” I said, speaking over the human, “is my attendant, Alanis Emeria.” The elven 
woman bowed respectfully.
“These roguishly handsome dwarves are my cousins, Hornfels and Skarn Earthborn.” 
The laughing dwarf by the wall waved cheerily, but his twin only glared at Oberle.
“And let Mica not forget the infant child that for some reason Gideon has insisted upon 
endangering by bringing her along, Emily Watsken, previously of Xyrus Academy.”
“I’m not an infant!” Emily declared sulkily.
Moving from his post by the wall, Hornfels hopped over the back of the couch and 
settled in next to Emily. “So what have you learned, Cousin? As Skarn said, our axes 
are eager to see some action. We’ve been skulking through the streets for weeks.”
The promise of progress focused the group. Skarn stalked around the couch to stand 
behind his brother while Gideon took a seat next to the smoldering fire and Alanis 
moved to the side, standing uncomfortably still and straight.
I proceeded to explain my discoveries, prompting Oberle to fill in the details where 
necessary. The group then discussed the plan for moving on the Alacryan camp.
“It is clear than Emily and I were brought along for our brainpower, not our combat 
prowess. We would be nothing but a liability down in the tunnels, an object which you 
must protect. Anyway, I have already communicated the Council’s desires to the 
Earthmovers’ Guild, and Emily has shared her design for the monitoring of mana flow 
with the Earthborn Institute.
“Now,” Gideon paused and shot Alanis a dark look, “I will spend the time you are away 
researching the fire salts mined from under Vildorial. I believe there may be a number 
of combat applications for this mineral beyond its use in dwarven forges and to warm 
the deep tunnels.”
“General Mica,” Alanis said immediately, “I believe it is imperative that Artificer Gideon 
and his apprentice oversee the work at the Earthmovers’ Guild. The planning there is 
essential for the defense of Sapin, which the Council made very clear. Gideon—”
“Will be as much a liability at the guild as he would an asset,” I interrupted. “Famed 
Gideon may be, but the Earthmovers are prideful and will only be insulted if a human 
stood over their collective shoulder and attempted to micromanage them. So long as 
they are fully aware of their task—and understand its urgency—then Mica is fine with 
Gideon pursuing his pet project while we are away.” To Gideon, I added, “Clan Lastfire 
may be of assistance, and you can explain to them why their youngest son has 
vanished while you’re at it.”
“Then what shall I do while you are away, General?” Alanis asked stiffly.
“Mica would like Councilor Buhnd’s taskforce to assist us in the assault. Though 
unlikely, it is possible that we will face a retainer, perhaps even a Scythe. It is known 
from General Arthur’s original report regarding the Alacryan forces’ movements 
through Darv that a Scythe made its way through the portal, though this Scythe never 
appeared on the battlefield. Thus, the creature must be considered still at large. 
Should we find this Scythe, Mica will deal with it, but more soldiers to handle the 
Alacryan forces would be better. Then, please send a scroll to the Council, explaining 
what Mica has found.”
“I will see to it immediately, General.” Alanis bowed deeply, her blonde pony-tail 
spilling over her face, then left the room at a brisk walk.
“We’ll be coming with you.” Skarn’s tone made this a statement of fact.
“Yes, Cousin. Oberle will lead Mica, Hornfels, Skarn, and whoever Buhnd’s taskforce 
can spare into the deep tunnels to this hidden grotto.”
Oberle’s voice was choked and raspy when he broke his silence, saying, “You—you 
want me to go with you? I—um—I had assumed that I’d be just… just giving you 
directions. Or something.”
“Oh no, friend Oberle, you are Mica’s guide now, and you will not leave Mica’s side.” I
smiled sweetly at the young dwarf and batted my eyes while letting free just enough 
of my power to make him squirm in his seat.
“Well then, I need to get my beauty sleep if we’re off to kill Alacryans tomorrow,” 
Hornfels said, heaving his stocky frame up from the couch.
“It’ll take more than sleep to make you a beauty, Brother,” growled Skarn.
“Look who’s talking,” Hornfels quipped back.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Sylvie and I left the protection of the Wall and looked out at the battle. Many more 
archers and mages were positioned on the ground, closer toward the bloodshed. The 
noises of battle seemed much louder on this side of the Wall.
I looked back at the thick metal gates closing behind us, filled with regret, seething 
with rage.
‘We’ll find out who was responsible for this later,’ my bond said comfortingly. ‘Right now, 
it’s our duty to help win this battle and keep everyone safe.’
Giving her a nod, the two of us walked forward. I tuned out the shouts and cheers of 
the soldiers around us. I wasn’t a hero, nor did I wish to be. It was impossible to be 
everyone’s hero. It’s inevitable that I’d let some people down—hell, I’d already let a 
lot of people down.
Not every human, elf, or dwarf could be equally important to me, and that's a fact that 
I had accepted long ago. I was here to serve my role, to help end this war, but it wasn’t 
for world peace or to save mankind—it was so, one day, I could lead a comfortable and 
happy life with the people I loved and cared for.
Walking through the lines of bowmen and conjurers, most of whom were launching 
arrows or spells at the rear line of the beast horde, I could hear mutters around us. 
Soldiers nudged their colleagues nearby to get their attention; hundreds of gazes 
turned towards us.
“You should at least acknowledge them,” my bond said, noticing the stares.
“Focus, Sylvie,” I admonished. “Let’s do what we came here to do first. We can worry 
about troop morale after.”
The ground felt like wet tar, gripping and pulling at my feet as I trudged forward with 
my bond by my side. I couldn’t shake off an unsettling feeling that made my chest 
tighten and my breathing to become quick and shallow. The veil of night and the crowd 
of combatants hid the answer to a question that I grew more and more afraid to ask.
Brandishing Dawn’s Ballad, I dove into the thick of the battle underneath the shower 
of spells and arrows, Sylvie right behind me. My bright teal sword became a beacon 
for our soldiers, giving them hope and the strength needed to keep fighting.
Sylvie focused on defending the soldiers, shooting precise bullets of mana wherever 
she saw one of our men let his guard down, slaying many beasts just as they would 
have claimed another victim.
Corrupted mana beasts melted away before us, while behind us a wedge of soldiers 
formed, and always my eyes darted from face to face, looking for the familiar figures 
of the Twin Horns or my father.
The largest of the mana beasts started to appear. I saw the silhouette of a massive 
worm towering high over the battlefield, its gaping maw full of soldiers. Occasionally, 
blasts of fire erupted from its tip, eliciting faint screams from the soldiers, then it 
would dive down to scoop up more.
Gritting my teeth, I tore my gaze away, trying once again to spot my father through the 
dirt, smoke, and debris that had settled over the chaotic battlefield. It was then that I 
caught sight of another group of soldiers trying to bring down a giant monster.
It was a midnight grizzly, a mana beast that ranged from B-class to AA-class—when it 
wasn’t corrupted—depending on their maturity and the density of their metallic pelt, 
which they obtained from consuming precious ores.
By its twelve-foot height and the glimmering sheen across its spiked fur, I guessed that 
this particular midnight grizzly was in the AA-class. What drew my attention wasn’t 
the beast itself, though; it was the broad back of a soldier who fought with thick 
armored gloves and was taking the brunt of the grizzly’s attack while his companions 
made futile attempts at bringing the corrupted beast down.
I couldn’t tell whether that person was my father or not, but my feet were already 
moving towards that battle. With two mana-infused steps, I was within range to strike 
down the grizzly, but my focus was on the brawler. The soldier was in a full set of 
armor, including a helmet that covered his face, so I couldn’t make out his identity.
When the soldier stepped back to take a momentary breather while the beast was 
occupied by the other soldiers, I pulled off his helmet.
“Hey! What the hell—”
It wasn’t my father. Suppressing the urge to crush the flimsy helmet in my hands, I 
shoved it back on the brawler’s head.
“Move,” I ordered. It wasn’t just directed towards the man I mistook for my father, but 
at the other soldiers circling and striking at the midnight grizzly as well.
Being mages made them sensitive to mana, and the mana surging out of me gave 
weight to my command, and the soldiers quickly complied.
I knew Dawn’s Ballad wouldn’t be able to pierce the midnight grizzly’s hide, especially 
in its current condition, so I put the sword in my dimension ring before stepping 
toward the giant, metallic, six-limbed bear.
That single step carried me just below one of its razor-sharp claws as the beast struck. 
Grabbing hold of one of its claws, which were as thick as my forearm, I shifted my 
weight and siphoned mana throughout my body at the very last minute.
The result: the 6,000-pound beast was tossed in the air like a stuffed animal, twirling 
cartoonishly before slamming into the ground hard enough to crack it. The midnight 
grizzly let out a deep, piteous moan.
“Holy crap,” someone exclaimed. I turned to the soldier; his giant warhammer was 
dented and its shaft slightly bent from multiple collisions against the midnight 
grizzly’s armored pelt. He was staring at me with awe, then his eyes suddenly widened 
at the sight of something behind me.
The grizzly had rolled back up to its feet and immediately lashed out with its four 
clawed arms. I swayed, sidestepped, and pivoted, cleanly dodging the barrage of claws 
that created divots in the dirt around me.
‘Arthur, do you need help?’ Sylvie’s voice sounded in my head.
No. Keep looking out for my dad or the others. This won’t take much longer.
Frustrated, the midnight grizzly attempted to hammer down with its two top arms. 
Rather than dodging it, however, I held up a palm.
Utilizing the technique that Elder Camus had shown me, I created a vacuum just above 
my open palm and received the full force of the attack. My feet sank into the ground 
and my whole body shook, but it threw off the beast’s center of gravity and left it wide 
open. In the time it took to take another step, I had tethered the midnight grizzly’s 
back legs to the ground—so it wouldn’t go flying and cause casualties on our side—
and condensed several layers of swirling wind around my right fist. The torrent in my 
hand was strong enough to make the trained soldiers nearby recoil, and when my fist 
landed squarely in the metal beast’s abdomen a shockwave resonated from the blow, 
sending some of the weaker soldiers and nearby beasts sprawling on the ground. The 
grizzly crumpled over, choked out a puddle of stinking black blood, and died.
‘Wasn’t that a bit excessive?’ my bond chimed in, obviously feeling the impact from 
where she was.
The grizzly’s coat seemed to have been affected by the Alacryans’ corruption. I had to hit 
it pretty hard.
Unable to even spare the time to catch my breath, I moved on to the next fight, still 
searching every face for some sign of familiarity. As the largest—and most visible—of 
the Twin Horns, I had decided to focus on finding Durden in the hope that he’d be near 
my father.
Despite the lack of conjurers in the front line, it proved very difficult to find my giant 
friend. Earth mages were more useful closer to the ground, so it wasn’t just one or two 
earthen spells that I spotted in the distance. Knowing Durden and his unruly strength, 
despite being a conjurer, I was certain he wasn’t back near the Wall with the other 
casters and archers.
Damn it, I cursed. My patience grew thinner with each passing second. Every scream 
and cry for help made me flinch, afraid that the next one might be someone I loved.
Sylvie and I continued on separately. Not once did I find an Alacryan mage amongst 
the chaos, but that was a good thing. There were no mages to cast shields to protect 
the beast horde from our conjurers. It seemed strange, but I didn’t have time to think 
about it.
Before I realized it, the sun had come up, highlighting the turmoil that stretched out 
as far as the eye could see.
‘What about using Realmheart again to try and find your father like you did with Ellie?’
Sylvie suggested, her voice weary even in my head.
Don’t you think I’ve thought of that? I snapped. Ellie’s magic is unique enough for me to 
spot with the ambient mana fluctuations. How am I going to differentiate my father 
amongst the other hundred or so soldiers that have a fire-affinity?
There was no reply to my churlish response, though I could feel the surprise and hurt 
Sylvie felt.
Letting out a deep breath, I apologized to my bond. The frustration and desperation 
building up inside me made it hard to tamp down my emotions.
‘It’s okay,’ Sylvie assured me. Her voice was gentle, but I could still feel a tinge of 
sadness leaking through. I promised myself I’d make it up to my ever-faithful bond 
after this was all over.
Smoke, fire, debris, abandoned weapons, and the corpses of both men and beast 
carpeted the once barren field. As limited as my vision was, I kept my eyes wide and 
ears open. I knew it was hopeless trying to discern my father’s voice amidst the roars 
of beasts, the cries of soldiers, the hum and crackle of magic, and the sharp ringing of 
metal, but there was little more that I could do.
The number of beasts had dwindled tremendously, but not without loss. Humans, 
elves, and dwarves alike lay sprawled out on the ground alongside the beasts that they 
had either killed or were killed by. Once, in another life, I had seen a painting of a 
similar scene: soldiers wearing the colors of two opposing countries draped across 
one another in a jumble of limbs and death. Beneath it, a small brass plaque read: “In 
death, there are no sides.”
So many soldiers had died to defeat this army of beasts. Behind me, the Wall stood 
high and unscathed, the ground before it intact despite the explosives we had placed 
underneath. Even if we won the day, many of Dicathen’s finest soldiers had perished, 
yet how many Alacryans had died for their country?
My gut told me it was Trodius who had rescinded my plan, since the other two captains 
were transparent in valuing their troops over the Wall.
It was only the thought of finding my father and the Horns—making sure they were 
okay—that kept me grounded. I had to remind myself over and over that what I had 
suggested was only that: a suggestion.
The sun crawled across the sky. Soldiers too wounded or too tired to continue fighting 
were carried off by their comrades as the next batch of soldiers marched forward to 
replace them.
The beast horde slowly collapsed into chaos as their numbers dwindled down to the 
hundreds, and they were no longer able to sustain their steady push toward the Wall. 
I knew it wouldn’t be long until the battle was over. Still, to the soldiers out here still 
fighting, every moment that passed was a moment that could end with their deaths. 
To them, this victory would be tarnished by the deaths of their friends that had fought 
alongside them.
After a night and half a day of fighting and searching, my body had settled into an 
autonomous routine. I killed beasts wherever I saw them and helped soldiers in 
distress if they were on my way. I couldn’t save them all, but I wouldn’t ignore the ones 
right in front of me.
I was helping a soldier whose right leg had been mauled when I was hit with a wave 
of panic and worry.
“You! Carry this man back to the Wall,” I ordered after encasing his bleeding stub in ice.
Sylvie! What happened? Cold sweat was dripping down my neck as my bond’s emotions 
washed over me.
I was already flying towards Sylvie’s location. She wasn’t far, less than a mile to the 
southwest, toward the southern end of the Wall. Why wasn’t she answering me?
Despite the scenery blurring past me, time seemed to slow, flowing like old honey 
from a cold bottle. The sounds of the battle were muffled, lost beneath the noise of my 
heartbeat thumping against my eardrums.
As I got closer and closer though, my vision came in flashes. It felt like I was watching 
the world through a thick glass jar—I barely made out Sylvie as she held me back, 
embracing me. I could hear her worried cries, but I couldn’t make out the words she 
was saying.
I registered her teary eyes, her shaking head, the pressure of her hands on my chest 
as she stopped me from going closer, but I couldn’t make out her expression because 
my focus was on the man dragging his feet towards the team of medics running his 
way.
He was missing an arm and half of his face had been burned past the point of 
recognition, but I still knew it was Durden—and slung over his wide back… was what 
was left of my father.
SYLVIE
I should’ve stopped him from coming the moment he reached back out to me. The 
panic that leaked out to him couldn’t be taken back, but I should’ve kept him from 
seeing it.
The moment I saw Arthur approaching, his eyes begging me to be wrong before his 
gaze drifted past me to the horrible vision beyond, my gut clenched and I felt tears 
threaten to take over. Seeing my bond’s horrified expression, hearing his exhaled 
breath as if he’d had his wind knocked out… I wanted to disappear—to take him in my 
arms and just disappear.
I wanted to be anywhere but there. I would’ve rather faced another horde of deranged 
mana beasts by myself than endure the sight of my lifelong bond staring hopelessly at 
his own father’s bloody corpse.
Arthur staggered forward. He pushed everyone aside and knelt over his father’s 
unmoving body, and for a moment, it seemed like all was silent.
Beasts and soldiers alike seemed to have sensed the heavy veil that descended over 
the battlefield, but none could feel my bond’s state of turmoil as clearly as I could.
It hurt.
It was excruciating… it was unbearable.
I didn’t know my heart could hurt this much. I clutched my chest and sank to the 
ground, unable to endure the pain of his emotions. Tears streamed down my cheeks 
and blurred my vision. I couldn’t breathe as the torrent of emotions continued to surge 
out of my bond and into me: grief that threatened to drown everything in its path, a 
gnawing guilt that ate away at the foundations of our strength, regret like a hurricane, 
blowing away years of growth and progress… and rage. Rage like a forest fire, burning 
out of control.
I could feel these emotions like disasters wreaking havoc inside my heart, tearing 
away at Arthur’s mind and soul.
Yet, on the surface, Arthur was as silent and still as a statue.
I crawled towards him, gasping for air in between my sobs as my heart wrenched in 
my chest. It was only then, when I embraced his back—his broad, lonely back—that 
the thin wall that he had built around himself crumbled.
With a guttural, primeval howl that tore through me like shards of glass, my bond 
broke down into tears.
The very earth seemed to lament for my bond as his sobs and wails filled the air. The 
ambient mana all around us shook and surged to match his anger, then changed, 
undulating rhythmically, sympathizing with his despair.
I could only cling to my bond’s back as the fiery claws continued to grip and twist my 
insides. I tried to do more, anything more to help, but I couldn’t. The lump in my throat 
blocked any words of consolation I could possibly say, so I did what no one else could 
do; I empathized through the connection we shared.
Arthur—the Lance, the general, the white core mage—was, at that moment, only a boy 
who had lost his father.
The world continued to turn, even as Arthur and I remained frozen in this moment of 
grieving and loss. The battle, which had gone on for two nights, had come to an end.
We had won, but not unscathed. The Wall loomed over us like a gravestone, and on it 
written the names of all the men and women, humans, elves, and dwarves who died 
here. I could see the name Reynolds Leywin burning bright across the stone surface, 
and it wasn’t Arthur’s anger that made my insides boil… it was my own.
Time trickled by until the sun had set. It was only then that Arthur rose to his feet.
Whether his emotions had been expended or locked away, I couldn’t tell, but his state 
of mind mirrored the thick layer of ice that he was encasing his father’s body in.
Nearby, Durden still waited, his expression a mixture of sorrow and guilt. Angela and 
Jasmine had barely managed to hold him still long enough for the nurses to heal his 
wounds. The three adventurers then attended over Arthur’s mourning, never showing 
any signs of pain or discomfort despite the many wounds they’d all received.
“Durden. Please take my father’s body to my mother and sister.” My bond’s voice was 
icy, hollow. He rose to his feet and walked towards the Wall, his presence seeping out 
like an aura of death and dread.
CAPTAIN ALBANTH KELRIS
“Following through with my original plan has led us to victory with minimal damage 
to this essential strategic structure,” Senior Captain Trodius boasted, a rare smile on 
his usually-stoic face. “Your obedience will not go unnoticed, Captain Albanth, Captain 
Jesmiya. Well done.”
Jesmiya bowed to the applause of the other unit leaders present in the large meeting 
tent.
I glanced down at the picture in my hand—worn, ripped, and crinkled around the 
edges. It was a picture I had found in the chestplate of one of my soldiers as I prepared 
his remains for cremation.
“Captain Albanth?”
Looking up, I saw the senior captain looking at me, his brow raised. Around him stood 
three men he had introduced only as his “benefactors,” all sharing the same puzzled 
expression.
“My apologies,” I respond quickly, shoving the picture in my pocket before inclining 
my head and silently accepting the commendation, hopeful that no one could see the 
muscles of my jaw clenching and unclenching as I ground my teeth.
It felt wrong to stand here, accepting praise for our victory after cremating several 
dozens of my men, many of whom I had shared drinks, meals, and laughs with.
“While a proper celebration is in order, we are at war and there is much to clean up,” 
Trodius said. “Continue your good work. I will have someone send a small gift to the 
fallen soldiers’ immediate families.”
“As expected of the head of the Flamesworth House. Your leadership is impeccable,” a 
portly man standing to the senior captain’s left beamed. “It was the right decision to 
invest in this fortress.”
Meanwhile, Jesmiya and I exchanged a quick glance, both of us obviously hung up on 
Senior Captain Trodius’s use of the phrase, “clean up”. Surely he wasn’t referring to 
cremating and burying our allies in such a callous, thoughtless way.
After the other soldiers had trickled out, Jesmiya and I turned to leave, but the senior 
captain called my name.
“Captain Albanth, I’ll need a moment of your time,” he said, waiting for Jesmiya to 
leave.
After all but the senior captain and his benefactors—nobles, based on their gaudy and 
spotless attire—were left, Trodius gestured toward an empty seat.
I sat as requested, and one of the nobles raised an embellished metal wand and 
soundproofed the room using wind magic.
“Captain Albanth. You home is in Etistin, correct?” the senior captain asked, crossing 
his legs.
I nodded. “Yes sir.”
“And that means, with the entire city being fortified, your family has been evacuated,” 
he continued matter-of-factly.
“Yes sir. Fortunately, my position and contributions allowed my family to secure a 
place in a fortified shelter near Etistin’s castle.”
“I see,” Trodius mused, eyeing me for a moment before turning to the lanky, bespectacled 
nobleman to his right.
Receiving a nod from the senior captain, the nobleman slid an unbound scroll toward 
me. “This is information that Senior Captain Trodius Flamesworth received during the 
beast horde attack.”
I read the flawless writing, cold sweat forming on my brow, my fingers trembling as I 
mumbled what I read. “Elenoir Kingdom… Alacryan ships approaching from western 
coast. Three hundred ships…”
“The Council has surmised that this will be the biggest battle. And it’ll take place on 
the western shores just above Etistin.
“Due to the manpower needed to withstand the Alacryan army, the Council has 
decided to abandon the elven kingdom. A majority of the elven troops will be 
transferred to Etistin. The citizens, of course, will be evacuated before the Alacryans 
reach the central cities,” Trodius explained matter-of-factly.
“Th-this…” the parchment slipped out of my fingers. “Why am I the only one to be 
notified of this? We should tell Captain Jesmiya and spread the word. Our remaining 
troops need to be transferred to the west if we want to stand a chance! General Arthur 
was right!”
Senior Captain Trodius’s expression turned sharp. “Had my objective been the same 
as the boy-Lance, I too would have proceeded with sacrificing the Wall. However, this 
fortress will soon become one of the most important military fortifications in 
Dicathen.”
“I don’t understand,” I said truthfully.
The portly noble spoke this time, eagerly leaning forward. “As my family always says, 
war is a big ol’ bag of money waiting to be open—”
“Sir Niles, please refrain from such insensitive prattling,” Trodius admonished.
“Of—of course. My apologies.” Niles let out a cough. “Anyway, with the war drawing to 
an end and so much land being either destroyed or taken by the Alacryans, it’s only a 
matter of time before people desperately seek for a safe haven.”
“What about Xyrus City? It was to my understanding that the flying city is currently 
the safest location next to the castle,” I responded.
A petite nobleman sporting a mustache, who had stayed quiet so far, finally spoke, 
grumbling in annoyance. “That floating rock is a powder keg waiting to explode.”
“Xyrus City is inherently in a safe location, but the city is not built as a fortress,” 
Trodius clarified. “Once access into the flying city is overridden by the Alacryans—
which is entirely plausible from the portals we’ve discovered in the dungeons of the 
Beast Glades—the people there will be sitting ducks.”
“Which is exactly why it was so important that the Wall and underground routes below 
it remained in one piece. The Wall will serve as the foundation of a great new city,” the 
portly nobleman chimed in. “That general is smart, but shortsighted. He wanted to 
destroy this magnificent structure, which could potentially become the new capital of 
Dicathen, or if things go poorly, the only safe haven against the Alacryans!”
“I apologize if I come off as rude, but from what you’re saying, it seems like you’re 
expecting—or even desiring—for the Alacryans to win this war,” I said, barely able to 
control my anger.
“How dare you! That is a dangerous accusation you’re making, Captain,” the fat man 
barked.
Trodius raised an arm, shutting him up. “It’s easy to shine a negative light on this 
picture, but we’re merely preparing for the inevitable circumstance. I am in no way 
rooting for those filthy intruders, but it would be foolish to ignore their military might. 
Even if we do manage to win this war, Dicathen will not come out unscathed. Elenoir 
has been abandoned, Darv is hiding like a turtle in its own shell, and attempts to fortify 
smaller cities in Sapin have been left to the city officials.”
The senior captain paused, clearly considering his next words. “What we seek is to 
build a new safe haven for the citizens of Dicathen. There will be a new society 
reforged by the Flamesworth House and its patrons.”
I shook my head, laughing out of sheer incredulity. Getting up, I opened my mouth, 
prepared to risk my position so that I could tell him off.
“Think hard before you let loose your tongue,” Trodius warned, his faint smile sharp 
as a dagger. “Did you not say that your father, mother, wife, and children are all in 
Etistin?”
My eyes widened and my mouth snapped shut.
This was wrong. What they were doing was wrong, but fear held my mouth closed like 
a muzzle.
“Your reputation among the soldiers and workers here is highly positive. Stay here, 
work for our cause, and I will ensure you that your family is brought to the Wall 
immediately. We already have a plan in place to fortify and expand the structure 
utilizing the underground routes. Your family will be safe here, and you will be raised 
above the position of mere captain.”
“I—I don’t… what about the soldiers here? I thought that you had received a letter 
ordering you to transfer all able soldiers to Etistin?” I managed to stammer out. I 
clasped my hands behind my back, unable to keep them from shaking.
“The battle against the vicious beast horde was hard fought. We lost many—too many, 
in fact, to be able to send reinforcements to the west… that is our reply to the Council,” 
Trodius answered simply. “I doubt that they will come to check with all that’s on their 
plate.”
My chest tightened and my breathing came out short. “Then y-you… purposely sent 
out these soldiers to their deaths… so that you can—”
“The soldiers here fought to defend the Wall, a task they were honored to perform,” 
Trodius interjected. “Do not cheapen their deaths by overthinking our strategy, 
captain.”
“You’re right. There’s no need for me to overthink,” an icy voice interjected from 
behind me.
It wasn’t the words that made me shrink in upon myself. It was the presence that 
spread out from the voice, hanging like a thick shroud in the air, forcing me to my 
knees, sucking the very breath from my lungs…
I tried to turn around, but I couldn’t move. I watched as the three nobleman shrank 
back, mouths hanging open stupidly. I saw an expression on Trodius’s face that I had 
never seen from him before… an expression of fear—of abject, overwhelming terror.
Though he attempted to appear calm and collected, he failed. Sweat rolled down his 
face and the barrier of fire that he had instinctively conjured fizzled away.
In a high, breathless voice, as if a large fist were currently wrapped around his throat, 
Trodius spoke.
“General… Arthur.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Applause and cheers erupted as soon as I entered through the fortress gate. Soldiers, 
smiths, and laborers all stopped what they were doing. Some bowed, others clapped, 
but they all looked at me with wonder and appreciation.
I couldn’t take it. Not the people, not the appreciation, not the expressions of relief. I 
couldn’t be here.
Sylvie, get my sister and take her to my mother. She’s going to need someone to be there 
for her, I conveyed as I strode past the cluster of tents that made up the field hospital.
My bond tugged the sleeve of my shirt. “I’ll go get your sister, but Arthur… your mother 
will need you as much as she needs your sister.”
I’m the last person she’d want to see. She no longer sees me as a son, and any semblance 
of affection she might’ve had for me after I told her the truth… that will be gone now that 
I failed to keep my promise to keep everyone alive—everyone safe.
Sylvie shook her head, and I could feel her doubt and disagreement. I couldn’t bring 
myself to argue with her, not now, so I simply walked away.
“General… Arthur,” Trodius wheezed, his body involuntarily shrinking back in his seat.
I took another step toward the senior captain, eliciting panicked responses from the 
nobles beside him.
“M-my spell! How…?” the lanky one sputtered, pointing his wand at me, though he 
seemed to be having trouble keeping it steady.
The portly man to Trodius’s left was a bit more courageous. “Stay back! You are in the 
presence of nobility! How dare you intrude upon our confidential meeting,” he 
threatened.
The third noble, a small-framed man sporting a thick mustache, was overwhelmed by 
the pressure I was exerting and slid to the ground, lying in an unconscious heap behind 
Trodius.
I took another step into the tent. The lanky one squealed and the fat one flinched. 
Trodius glistened in the lamplight as sweat poured down his face, but otherwise he 
appeared unfazed.
The sea of rage and grief that churned inside me had been drained, leaving a hollow 
void that allowed me to think clearly. No longer were the screams of panic and worry 
in my head clouding my judgment. Now, there was only silence within me—a ghostly 
lull.
It was comforting, in a sense.
If I had reached the tent just ten minutes earlier, I would’ve done to Trodius what I had 
done to Lucas—or worse.
Except I realized, in this numb and emotionless state of mind, that Trodius wasn’t as 
simple as Lucas. I would gain nothing by killing Trodius, and he would be able to take 
any pain I dealt him with that same constipated expression he always had.
I couldn’t just hurt him; I knew that now. I couldn’t treat Trodius the same way I did 
Lucas.
I took another step forward, and Trodius finally spoke. Straightening his posture and 
clearing his throat, he looked me in the eyes and asked, “To what do I owe the pleasure 
of a Lance gracing me with his presence?”
His scrutinizing gaze and the ever-so-slight sneer that tugged on the edge of his lips 
told me what I already knew. He wasn’t afraid of the pain that I could cause him or 
even the death that he might face. With his resourcefulness, he was confident in being 
able to escape, and he would relish the chance to be “the one that withstood the fury 
of a mad Lance.”
“D-don’t come any closer!” the portly man said, drawing his own toy-like wand.
“Settle down,” I said dismissively, causing both the conscious nobles to flinch.
“Even a general should show respect to those of noble blood,” Trodius admonished, 
shaking his head.
Another bait. He wanted me to do something so that he could retaliate.
I walked leisurely around the table, keeping my expression and posture passive. 
Arriving in front of the fat noble, I gestured with a finger. “Move.”
“M-move?” he echoed, flabbergasted, the wand trembling in his hands.
Anger must’ve triumphed over his fear, or maybe the cornered mouse tried to bite out 
of pure instinct, but it was over before it even began.
I sensed the mana manifesting along the length of the wand, but before the portly 
noble could finish the spell, a current of wind hammered down on top of him, 
slamming his face down into the hard dirt floor.
I used his wide girth as a footstool as I took a seat on the meeting table just inches 
away from Trodius. The senior captain’s mask of indifference faltered, traces of anger 
flaring up then disappearing just as quickly.
“General Arthur,” he said, his voice surprisingly calm. “The noble beneath your feet is 
Sir Lionel Beynir of the esteemed Beynir House. You will show him and Sir Kyle—”
Trodius was interrupted as Sir Kyle bolted toward the exit, slamming his hip into the 
table and disrupting the piles of paperwork stacked neatly in front of the senior 
captain. Howling in pain, the nobleman threw himself to the ground, both hands 
pressed to his side as if he’d been stabbed.
Trodius glared at the papers strewn about the desk, a look of mild disdain on his 
pinched face.
“Oh, be quiet,” I grumbled, waving my hand in Sir Kyle’s direction. A thin bolt of 
lightning mana leapt from my fingers and struck him at the base of his skull, knocking 
him out instantly and quieting his howls.
Turning back to Trodius, I leaned forward, grinding my heels into the unconscious Sir 
Lionel Beynir. “You see, Trodius, I care little for people who fail to meet the minimum 
threshold of decency, regardless of wealth, fame, or prestige.”
Trodius’s eyes narrowed. “Excuse me? I don’t know exactly how much you heard from 
outside, but your actions will not be tolerated, no matter what sort of position you 
hold in the military. To blatantly sully a noble—”
“You keep referring to yourself and these fools as nobles, but all I see are four weasels 
trying to capitalize on their own country’s loss, stepping on the corpses of their 
soldiers to lift themselves up.” I looked down at the noble beneath my feet to 
emphasize my point.
Trodius’s eyes flared with indignation. “Revoking the plan that you suggested is no sin, 
General Arthur. The loss of life is regrettable, but for the sake of preserving this 
fortress, their deaths are not in vain.”
“Except that your goal for keeping the Wall intact was purely to try and build yourself 
your own little society where you and your minions will have free reign.”
“Nonsense! My goal was to create a safe haven, so the citizens of Dicathen have a place 
to sleep without fear. For you to twist my words—”
My hand snapped out and I grabbed his tongue, holding it firmly between my 
forefinger and thumb. “Twisting words is what this thing seems to do best.”
A flicker of blue flames danced on the tip of the senior captain’s tongue as I pressed 
firmly down. Trodius’s eyes widened in pain and he tried to shield himself with his 
own fire-affinity mana, but he wasn’t powerful enough.
The smell of burning flesh filled the tent as I branded his tongue with my ignited 
fingers. Trodius endured, unable to let go of his pride long enough to even let out a 
sound.
I pulled the senior captain close, my fingers still sizzling on top of his burning tongue. 
I let the malice drip from my voice as I hissed into his ear, “You see, Trodius, one of the 
soldiers that died out there because of your selfish plans was my father.”
He stiffened and the color drained from his face. His eyes searched my own, perhaps 
trying to decide if I was about to kill him. Perhaps he was hoping I would.
“Your decision was informed not by military strategy but by self-gratification. You 
bartered with your own men’s blood—you traded my father’s future to enrich your 
own, and don’t you think for a fucking second that I’m going to let that go.” I released 
my grip on his blackened tongue. The tip had completely burnt away, leaving only a 
blackened stub.
Trodius immediately snapped his jaw shut, clamping his hands over his mouth as if 
hoping to protect his mutilated tongue from further damage.
“Don’t think that my relationship with your sister and estranged daughter have 
anything to do with why I’m keeping you alive,” I muttered, scooping up the parchments 
in front of him as I stood. “Killing you here would be a mercy. Instead, I’m going to let 
you stew in the consequences of your actions by taking what you value most.”
I turned to Albanth, who had been fearfully observing from his seat on the other side 
of the table. “Seeing as you’ve witnessed everything here today, send a message to the 
Council stating that, for betraying his kingdom and perjury against the Triunion, 
Trodius Flamesworth and the rest of Flamesworth House will be stripped of their 
titles of nobility.”
“No! You hab no wight!” Trodius screamed thickly, his charred tongue struggling to 
form words.
“I believe I have every right, and the Council will surely agree once they find out you 
were planning on lying to them in order to keep soldiers here for yourself,” I replied 
coldly, waving the papers in my hand.
Trodius scrambled towards me, tripping over his unconscious investor before 
desperately launching a ball of fire at the papers in my hand. I waved the spell away 
before it could fully form.
“Add attempted assault on a representative of the Council,” I said to Albanth.
“Y-you ca’t do dis!” he yelled, rushing to me and clinging to my feet. “The Fwameswoth 
house—”
“Will be nothing, Trodius. Just another commoner’s surname,” I finished. “The legacy 
on which you prided yourself, that you tried so hard to raise, going as far as to abandon 
your own daughter, will crumble to dust, and you will have been the cause of the 
Flamesworth family’s downfall.”
I turned my attention back to Albanth. “I believe you have a message to send? Unless 
you’re still considering Trodius’s proposal?”
“Of c-course not!” Albanth jumped up and took the parchments out of my hand. “I’ll 
get these to the Council, along with your message, with my fastest and most 
trustworthy messenger.”
“Also, get Captain Jesmiya and a few of her men in here to round these gentlemen up,” 
I added, waving the captain off.
Behind me, Trodius lay on the ground, glaring daggers up at me. The patriarch of the 
Flamesworth house, who had been the pinnacle of nobility and pride, had been 
reduced to a trembling sack of bones.
“Like I said, killing you here would be a mercy.” I stepped out of the tent, taking one 
last glance back. “I hope you live a long life, and are reminded of me every time your 
deformed tongue slurs out a broken word.”
Sylvie and I stood atop the familiar cliff overlooking the Wall. From this high up, the 
remnants of the battle could barely be seen under the blanket of night, and the fortress 
seemed to be peaceful.
I knew all too well that the Wall was in a flurry of activity: mending the broken, feeding 
the weak, burning the dead—but I pushed down the emotions that threatened to 
overflow again.
It was so much easier to embrace the comforting emptiness that numbed my 
emotions—both good and bad.
“Ellie is with your mother right now. They’re going to cremate him,” my bond said, her 
quiet voice almost lost amidst the howling winds.
Her words reopened a thousand small wounds through which leaked thoughts and 
emotions I had desperately tried to avoid. I saw my weeping sister, my mother 
kneeling, bloody fingers clawing at the ground… I felt the pain my bond had felt as my 
mother’s narrowed eyes burned with accusation and resentment. Would she have 
looked at me like that as well, had I been there?
“It’s best that I give them some privacy,” I said, placing a gentle hand on Sylvie’s head.
Sylvie turned to me, her large yellow eyes wrinkled in concern. “Arthur…”
“I’m fine, really,” I said in a level, emotionless voice. “It’s better this way.”
My bond’s expression dimmed and I could tell she could feel the void within me, 
siphoning away her own frustrations and concerns.
This was what I did in the past, as Grey. I knew that suppressing my emotions and 
locking them away wasn’t healthy, but I had no choice.
I had no confidence in being able to handle what I was trying so hard not to feel. I knew 
that doing this was burying a wasting disease deep inside me, but I just needed it to 
hold myself together until I finished this war. After this was all over, I would be able to 
face my mother, but for now, I couldn’t bear looking at her or my sister’s faces.
Rinia’s words came suddenly to mind: ‘Do not fall back to your old ways. You know best 
that the deeper you go into that pit, the harder it will be to climb back out.’ I shook away 
the thoughts. The old woman had left me with many omens, but what good had they 
done?
Looking at my worried bond, I shielded my thoughts. I didn’t want her to know—I 
didn’t want anyone to know—that I was beginning to sincerely consider Agrona’s deal.
“Let’s go, Sylv.”
“Hey. It’s me, Grey. Just thought I’d try this phone again. Anyway, the King’s Crown 
Competition is starting in our city and Lady Vera already got me a spot to compete. 
Finally participating in the official competition really makes it feel… well, it feels real 
now, I guess.
“Did you know that Jimmy Low—you know, that cocky overweight guy in our class 
with the lisp—that Jimmy Low is a contestant too? When Lady Vera told me that, I 
thought of the time when you sold him that fake contraption that was supposed to 
help him lose weight while he sleeps. I bet he’s still mad about that.
“Anyway, I just wanted to let you know that I told Lady Vera to save a spot for you in 
her private viewing room. It’d be great if you could come by and watch me kick 
everyone’s asses… I—um—I miss you, Nico. I don’t know what’s happening with you, 
but just know that you’re not alone in this. I’m here for you.
“You know where to reach me. Hope to hear from you soon, man.” I ended the call after 
hearing the monotonous confirmation that my message had been sent and let out a 
defeated sigh.
“Damn it, Nico. What the hell are you up to?” I leaned my head back against the reading 
chair and massaged my temples, trying to subdue the growing ache in my head.
The last time I had seen my friend, we had fought. It had been a few weeks after Cecilia 
was taken and my training was becoming more intense as the competition dates drew 
near.
I would train from dawn until sundown and then sneak out of Lady Vera’s manor in 
order to help Nico put up fliers or ask around local police departments for any 
information. This almost always resulted in us getting scolded or kicked out of their 
offices.
Tired and fed up with the lack of progress, I had suggested we call it a night. That’s 
when Nico blew up on me. He accused me of being callous and uncaring, insisting that 
I was prioritizing my training with Lady Vera over finding Cecilia.
I couldn’t hold it in anymore either. I had tried to reason with him before, pointing out 
that if the enforcers were really the ones who took her, then we were way out of our 
league. But Nico, stubborn as ever, couldn’t sit still knowing that his girlfriend was 
somewhere out there.
I didn’t blame him, but that didn’t mean I agreed with him. Needlessly insisting that 
two kids barely out of high school—military or not—could make a difference in an 
investigation that no one was investigating, was optimistic to the point of foolishness.
Nico had pushed for me to request the assistance of Lady Vera’s investigators, but I 
knew she’d be upset to find out I’d been out searching the streets with Nico night after 
night. She’d cautioned me against taking risks; it wasn’t unheard of for competitors in 
the King’s Crown to be kidnapped and ransomed back to their families, or even to 
disappear. Lady Vera would be unlikely to help if she knew I was putting myself in 
danger.
That was the last straw for Nico, apparently, and he had stormed away. That was also 
the last time I had heard from him.
I did the right thing, I assured myself, sinking back further into the chair. Right now, 
winning the competition is most important. The city tournament shouldn’t pose much 
trouble and I’m fairly confident even for the district tournament.
Even if I wouldn’t become king immediately after I won the entire King’s Crown 
competition, I’d still have influence. My two biggest goals were to get to the bottom of 
Headmaster Wilbeck’s murder and to find and protect Cecilia so she and Nico could 
go live a happy, simple life together. Despite Nico’s urgency, I knew that, if the 
enforcers had taken her, Cecilia wouldn’t be harmed—she was too valuable an asset 
to kill.
That’s why I have to win. Just a few months… Once I become king, I can make everything 
right.
“Cadet Grey…” a soft voice said nearby. My eyes flickered open, my vision still blurry 
with sleep. It was only when I felt someone touch my shoulder that I snapped awake. 
My instincts and training kicked in, and by the time I was fully aware of my 
surroundings, the maid was sitting in the seat that I had fallen asleep in and I was 
leaning over her, my right hand pressed against her throat.
“I’m sorry!” I quickly let the maid go, helping her back to her feet.
“No… my apologies, Cadet Grey,” the maid said, her face flushed as she dipped into a 
low bow. “Lady Vera had informed me not to touch you when you were sleeping. I… I 
forgot.”
She then gestured to the training uniform that she had laid out neatly on my unused 
bed. “Lady Vera has instructed me to inform you that today’s lessons are cancelled due 
to the upcoming tournament. Instead, you will be sparring with the other candidates 
sponsored by Lady Vera’s family.”
“Will Lady Vera be there?” I asked, already changing into my training clothes.
The maid, her back turned to me, shook her head. “Unfortunately, she will be busy 
with meetings. She has assured me, however, that she will still make it to your rounds 
for the city competition tomorrow.”
I was disappointed but I didn’t let it show. After the maid excused herself, I found my 
hand fiddling with a small trinket that Lady Vera had given me, sometime after she 
saved me from those interrogators that tortured me. It was the insignia of the 
Warbridge family, Lady Vera’s house: two crossed swords supporting a golden arch.
Whether it was the reassurance it gave me—proof that I had a house to belong to—or 
the fact that it was given to me after one of the most horrific experiences of my life, I 
couldn’t go anywhere without it. I stuck it back into my pocket before heading down 
to the dueling area.
As I walked through the unique-looking buildings that melded modern designs with 
Victorian architecture standing between the flawlessly groomed garden and lawn of 
the Warbridge estate, I was reminded of how different this place was from anywhere 
else I’d been to.
Most buildings were purely functional, with no thought or resources given to how they 
looked, but here, the buildings themselves were beautiful. It was a strange thought, to 
consider a house to be beautiful, but it was true. It was also true that Warbridge House 
originally came from a different country, which clearly inspired their architectural 
aesthetic.
Trayden, their home country, was a close ally of Etharia, and apparently it was not 
unusual for the named houses to have a strong presence throughout multiple 
countries, assuring them the opportunity to sponsor kings for any of the allied nations. 
I wasn’t too interested in the politics involved in all of this, but since the king sat in on 
Council meetings, I was required to take extensive lessons about the different 
countries and their diplomatic alliances toward one another.
By the time I arrived in the Warbridge dueling arena, there was already a flurry of 
activity and noise coming from within.
The dueling area consisted of five government-approved dueling platforms and a 
variety of training equipment. Some of the older—but still efficient—machines used 
lead weights for resistance, while the more up-to-date tools utilized the user’s own ki 
to power and train.
Normally the training grounds would be full of cadets, but today was different. A 
crowd had gathered to watch the proceedings, largely consisting of the sponsored 
cadets’ families. The faces in the crowd looked tense and excited, ready to cheer on 
their sons and daughters, brothers and sisters, who would be challenging each other 
in the arena. There were more than a few missing faces today, though; the cadets who 
hadn’t qualified to participate in the city competition had been expelled, their 
contracts ended.
I was just in time to see the facilitator mark the start of a mock duel. Keeping to the 
back, I watched carefully, curious as to how the other candidates under Lady Vera were 
doing.
Having the privilege of being taught by her personally, I had only rarely seen the others 
and had been told nothing of their skills.
Two cadets faced off, eyeing each other warily. One was a thick-necked boy fighting in 
the traditional sword and shield style. His opponent carried no weapon but held 
himself with a confident readiness that made me think he was likely the stronger 
combatant.
When the facilitator signaled for both cadets to ready themselves, the weaponless boy 
held out his empty hand and shouted, “Form!”
A glowing yellow spear coalesced into his hand.
Immediately, the crowd roared with surprise and pride.
“It’s an actual ki weapon!” an older gentleman exclaimed.
“And he formed it so fast,” another man beside him added.
If it had been a year ago, I would’ve reacted just like them, perhaps even more in awe 
because of my disability. It didn’t just take a lot of time and effort to form a ki weapon 
but a sufficient amount of ki as well.
However, I knew from my many lessons with Lady Vera that this cadet’s spear was no 
better than a glowing plastic stick at this point. True masters of ki weapons spent 
years physically crafting the type of weapon that they wanted to materialize. This was 
necessary in order to truly visualize how their ki weapon would manifest. From there, 
they would start by slowly enveloping their own ki around the type of weapon they 
wished to form. It was only after they had mastered this step that they transitioned 
into forming a weapon with just their ki.
This cadet, who couldn’t be more than a year older than me, had obviously skipped 
over a lot of the steps; it was obvious from how his weapon materialized and how 
simple the design was. The ki spear had sort of bubbled into existence, unlike how 
Lady Vera had manifested her own ki weapon, which had been solid and real, like light 
forged into steel.
Still, I couldn’t help but feel a touch of envy at the fact that he could do something that 
I would never be able to do. Unlike regular weapons, which had to be inspected and 
constantly kept within regulations by the World Committee to prohibit cheating, there 
were no such restrictions on ki weapons. This included even the Paragon Duels—
duels among kings held to settle political disputes.
It was an advantage that many kings utilized, but a skill that I could never even dream 
of learning due to my shallow ki pool.
Putting aside my self-pity, I focused on the combatants. While most of these cadets 
were chosen through various talent agencies, they were all here because they met the 
Warbridge family’s standards.
“Begin!” the facilitator barked, taking a step back.
Steeling himself against the initial shock of seeing a real ki weapon appear, the boy 
with the sword and shield charged forward with a ki-infused step. He feigned a shield 
bash but pivoted to the right. Keeping his shield up, he swiped down at his opponent’s 
open thigh with his shortsword.
Caught off guard, the spear-wielding cadet stumbled back but managed to dodge the 
attack to his leg. He quickly regained his balance and wits and used his spear to create 
some space between him and his opponent. The rest of the duel unfolded as expected: 
The superior range and flexibility gave the spear-wielding cadet a critical advantage, 
and he eventually won. It wasn’t a one-sided battle though; the two cadets were wellmatched in skill-level, and I could tell by how pale the winner’s face was by the end 
that if his opponent had managed to break his ki weapon, he wouldn’t have been able 
to materialize another.
Still, that didn’t keep the winner from gloating. With a nasty sneer on his sweaty face, 
he kicked the shield away from his opponent.
Rolling my eyes, I made my way towards the arena to check in with the facilitator.
“Oh look, it’s Lady Vera’s favorite pet,” one of the other cadets said as I approached, his 
voice carrying over the constant chatter of the crowd. The rest of the gathered cadets 
turned towards me, each one wearing a different expression… none of them 
particularly friendly.
Ignoring them, I walked up and waved at the stout facilitator. “I was told to do a few 
rounds before my ki meditation this afternoon.”
“Mmm, I was told you would be coming, but I don’t have a cadet assigned to be your 
sparring partner yet,” he grunted, lowering the protective barrier around the sparring 
platform and looking around.
I stepped up onto the elevated platform without a word and immediately began 
stretching out the knots in my muscles that came from falling asleep on the chair.
“I’m not sure I’d be able to pair you up accurately with someone since I’m not familiar 
with your level or combat proficiency. Anyone in particular you want to spar with, 
Cadet Grey?” the facilitator asked.
“Anyone’s fine,” I said, continuing my stretching routine.
“Let me go, Mr. Kali. I’d like to see firsthand how good Lady Vera’s crippled little pet 
project is,” a familiar voice jeered. It was the cadet who just sparred using his ki spear.
“Mason! Keep your tongue in check while you’re in my dueling arena,” the facilitator 
admonished the sneering boy before turning to me. “Is that acceptable, Cadet?”
I stood up, looking him over while stretching my arm. “I’d prefer an opponent that's 
in better condition.”
Mason slapped his palms on the arena floor. “I can beat you silly with both feet 
anchored to the floor! Mr. Kali, let me teach this cocky brat a lesson!”
There was a beat of hesitation, but the facilitator waved Mason up onto the arena. “Put 
on your protective gear. Cadet Grey, pick out a weapon.”
After putting on the ki-infused chest and head piece, I picked out a single-edged short 
sword from the rack. I checked its balance like Lady Vera had taught me, performed a 
couple of short, precise cuts with it, then walked backed to the center of the arena.
“Just the single sword for you today, Cadet Grey?” Mr. Kali asked, eyeing my choice of 
weapon curiously.
“Yes sir,” I replied simply.
Mason waited for me to be watching before he materialized his ki weapon. Raising his 
hand dramatically, his eyes locked onto mine, the glowing spear materialized under 
his palm. The process was noticeably slower this time.
Mr. Kali looked first at Mason, who nodded, then to me, and I mirrored the gesture. His 
expression suddenly serious, the facilitator chopped down with his hand “Begin!”
While I had no intention of letting this duel drag on, I knew that I couldn’t rush in like 
the previous cadet had. Lady Vera had drilled into me the need to pace myself, to 
minimize my movements, to expend my ki precisely because of my shallow ki pool. I 
stood my ground, waiting for Mason to make the first move, not even falling into a 
proper stance. In fact, I purposefully left my neck wide open.
“Is this a joke?” Mason scoffed, pointing the tip of his glowing spear at me.
“The duel has already begun,” I replied simply, giving him an innocent smile.
“Don’t blame me if you end up physically crippled as well, no-name,” he snapped 
before bursting forward in an explosion of ki.
I had to admit that his charge was impressive, especially considering how much ki he 
had already spent. Still, to my eyes, his intention was clear, his movements 
telegraphed. My natural reflexes and perception had been honed to a sharp point by 
Lady Vera and her team of coaches.
At the last moment, I sidestepped his thrust and slashed at his right hand. His thin 
protective aura of ki shuddered, absorbing the impact, but Mason still winced in pain. 
Taking another precise step, I feinted toward his right hand again, bringing my blade 
down from a different angle. Mason shifted, trying to raise his spear up to block, but 
the twitch in his shoulder told me exactly where his next move was going to be.
By the time he positioned himself to block my strike, I had corrected the trajectory of 
my swing, and my blade slammed into his gloved fingers for the second time.
Mason grunted in pain, but he held on to his weapon. I had to give him some credit for 
that, at least. It was over at that point, though; his confidence was broken, his ki was 
spent, and he couldn’t even grip his spear correctly. He circled around me several 
times before building up the courage to lunge again, but if his previous attack had been 
telegraphed, this thrust happened in slow motion. Not wanting to break his hand, 
despite his insults, I sidestepped again and slammed my shortsword into the ki-spear 
just above his handhold. The spear shivered in his hands, then shattered, falling to the 
arena floor in a shower of sparks.
Mason was on the ground, my sword pressed against his chest guard, before he even 
had time to register a look of surprise.
The next volunteer to fight me was not nearly so cocky. By the end of my warm up, the 
looks of pity, indifference, and disrespect the other boys had given me had been wiped 
clean.
I let out a long, satisfied sigh after taking a deep drink from a soda bottle I had kept 
hidden from Lady Vera. It was lukewarm, but the sugary carbonation helped me in 
ways no amount of training and healthy foods could.
The duels were over, and I had showered and changed into more comfortable clothes 
for my meditation. I was walking through the halls of the Warbridge estate when I 
heard a familiar voice from the floor below.
I ran down the stairs. Lady Vera had been spending much less time at the estate, and 
much of my training had been handed over to her team of coaches, so I was excited to 
greet her. I stopped in my tracks, though, when I saw an unfamiliar man with her. I 
couldn’t see his face, but he wore a military-style uniform.
“Yes. Yes, I understand. I’ll let him know that he has qualified,” Lady Vera said to the 
man, speaking softly. “He might get curious, but he’s not too greedy about actually 
competing so I don’t think he’ll press me too much,” she continued.
I couldn’t make out the man’s response as Lady Vera escorted him across the hall and 
into her sound-proofed study.
“Of course. Yes, she won’t be mentioned. I understand. Thank you. You’re right. He’ll 
have to fight at least once in order to appease the masses. We’ll prepare Grey for the 
district—” The study door shut with a click, sealing their conversation away from my 
burning ears.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
I let out a sleepy groan, barely able to hear my own voice over the wind rushing past 
us. Propping myself up on Sylvie’s spiked back, I scanned my surroundings.
I could see the flying castle in the distance, and for the briefest moment, I felt excited; 
Tessia was here, which was the real reason I hadn’t gone straight to Etistin to prepare 
for the upcoming battle. That brief sensation of happiness created a wriggling guilt in 
my stomach, though, and I pushed it back down, embracing the emotionless void.
The castle guards, noticing Sylvie, separated into two lines, forming a path to the 
landing dock, which slid open soundlessly as we approached.
I had to hand it to the artificers of the olden days—those wise and powerful mages 
were responsible for not only lifting an entire castle up in the sky, but an entire city as 
well, and connecting each major city with a teleportation portal. The knowledge and 
power required to complete these feats of magical mastery was awe-inspiring.
It begged the question: what really happened to them? Finding out the answer to that 
question wasn’t exactly at the top of my priority list, though, and I let the thought drift 
away.
Let's get this over with quickly. I’m ready to vent some emotional baggage on a Scythe 
or maybe a few retainers, I conveyed, hopping off my bond.
Surprisingly, the landing dock, which was usually filled with activity and noise, was 
completely empty aside from a lone figure by the door. It took me a moment to realize 
who it was because of how different he looked.
The powerful confidence that Virion usually radiated was gone, his lighthearted smirk 
replaced by a grim, tired expression. His silver hair was unbound and the robes he 
wore looked a tad too big on him, as if he’d lost weight. Still, seeing me and Sylvie, his 
face softened into a relieved smile.
The old elf immediately wrapped his arms around me.
I was stunned. My body froze, and, for a moment, my mind went blank.
“Welcome back. You did everything you could, Arthur… you did great,” he said softly, 
his voice so familiar, yet seemingly unfamiliar at the same time.
The frigid shell of apathy that I had enclosed myself in—away from the anger, grief, 
and loss that were trying to claw their way inside me—cracked.
It could’ve been the warmth of his embrace, or the kindness of his words, but I broke 
wide open, and it all came pouring out. I pressed my face into Virion’s shoulder and 
let the tears run free, shaking and sobbing like a child, his words echoing in my mind.
You did everything you could. You did great.
Sylvie remained silent, but I felt her small hand rest softly on my back, conveying just 
as much emotion as Virion’s embrace.
Commander, Lance, and asura… We stood there, alone in the large empty room, 
huddled together, forgetting just for a moment who we were.
I held my fist up to the door but paused, reluctant to knock.
I don’t think I can do this by myself right now. Are you sure you don’t want to see Tess 
with me? I asked my bond, who was still in our own room.
‘She needs you right now. Just you,’ Sylvie replied coolly, and I felt her block our mental 
connection, leaving me stranded.
Virion had said the same thing. Tessia had locked herself in her room, refusing to see 
anyone, especially those that wanted to help most.
If her own parents or grandfather couldn’t get to her, how could I?
That was my excuse, anyway. Really, I just didn’t feel up to being anyone’s support right 
now, not when I could barely hold myself together.
But still, Tessia needed my help, just like I had needed Sylvie’s and Virion’s.
I pushed down the darkness, all of the bad thoughts, and put them away for now. I’d 
deal with my own losses in my own time.
Holding my breath, I knocked on the door.
No answer.
I knocked again. “Tess, it’s Arthur.”
She didn’t answer, but I could hear her light steps approaching the door. After a 
moment, the door slid open and our eyes met.
I had seen so many emotions come alive through those vivid turquoise eyes of hers—
laughter, joy, anger, determination—but this was the first time I’d seen such utter 
despair. It hurt me to see her like this; I wanted to turn away. Instead, I stepped into 
the room, my mind racing. She looked tired, disheveled, like she hadn’t had a bath in 
days.
Clearing my throat, I said, “You don’t need help washing up, right?” My tone was light, 
teasing. I expected her to smack me, to roll her eyes, to laugh at my boyish stupidity.
Without a word, she shrugged out of her robe, completely throwing me off guard. I 
managed to turn away before I could see anything, but I nearly tripped over my own 
feet in the process, stumbling into the couch. I let myself collapse gracelessly onto the 
thick cushions and pressed my face into a pillow until I heard the washroom door 
close behind me.
I waited anxiously for what seemed like an hour, resisting the temptation to go and 
ask if she was okay, until Tessia stepped out of the bathroom with a towel barely slung 
over her chest and her dark gray hair dripping pools of water behind her.
Getting up, I grabbed another towel and sat her down in front of the small vanity in 
the corner of her room. Tess kept her eyes down, unable to look at her own reflection.
Virion had told me everything. I knew the choices she had made and the consequences 
that had resulted from them. She blamed herself, much like I did, and I knew that no 
words of consolation would change how she felt right then, because she was right. She 
had made decisions and people had died because of it. In time, she would come to 
understand that this was the nature of war and that she would never be able to save 
everyone. Sometimes even our best intentions lead us astray…
So, I stayed silent. I gently patted down her long hair with the spare towel, then 
conjured a warm, soft breeze that blew through her hair, drying it.
After that, I grabbed a brush from the wooden vanity. While combing her hair, I found 
myself staring at her bare shoulders, thinking about how small they looked. Those 
shoulders carried a heavy burden and the weight of many expectations. It was easy to 
forget that, before this war, she had just been a student. Though our bodies were 
nearly the same age, my mind was much older. Tessia didn’t have a past life to rely on 
for experience and mental fortitude.
“You’re really bad at this.” Tess’s voice was soft and hoarse, but it still made my heart 
skip a beat.
“It’s not like I have experience doing this sort of thing,” I mumbled, embarrassed. I 
stopped and made to put the brush away, but Tess looked up, catching my eye in the 
mirror.
“I didn’t tell you to stop.”
“Yes, Princess,” I replied, the hint of a smile playing at my lips. Normally, she’d pout at 
being called “Princess,” but she just looked at me, her expression unreadable. We held 
eye contact for several long moments as I began brushing her hair again. When I broke 
the contact to look down at what I was doing, she looked back down at her fidgeting 
hands.
For a while, I just absentmindedly talked while slowly brushing her hair. I repeated 
the silly stories of our misadventures back together in Elenoir when we were kids. 
Although we had been constantly training, and I had spent much of my time 
assimilating with Sylvia’s beast will, that didn’t mean we didn’t relax and have fun.
I was reliving a particularly disgusting memory when she interrupted me.
“I was the one who had told you we shouldn’t go down that ravine, not the other way 
around,” she said, chortling.
“Really? I’m pretty sure I was the smart and cautious one when we were little.”
She rolled her eyes. “Smart, I’ll admit, but I wouldn’t exactly say you were cautious. 
Ugh, I still remember finding the moss leeches all over my body even hours after we 
made it back home.”
I stifled a laugh, remembering clearly how grossed out she had been at the harmless 
wriggling leeches that stuck to our skin. She had immediately flown into a spastic 
flailing of limbs that made her look like she had been shocked by lightning.
“Why are you laughing?” she asked, narrowing her eyes.
I didn’t answer, instead doing my best impression of her get-these-leeches-off-me 
dance.
“I was eight!” she protested, hitting me in the arm.
“You were a delicate little princess,” I retorted warmly, rubbing my arm.
She glared at me, but when I raised my arms in submission, she turned fully towards 
me and wrapped her arms around my waist. Slowly, I lowered my arms, one hand 
lightly caressing her bare back, the other gently entwining itself into her silky gray 
hair.
Tess remained still, her face buried in my chest. The towel drooped, exposing more of 
her smooth skin, and I felt suddenly very conscious of her exposed body and her 
intoxicating smell.
When she looked up, her turquoise eyes met mine, and despite the shade of pink rising 
up in her cheeks and ears, I could see my own longing reflected back in them.
She closed her eyes then and pursed her lips, and I felt Arthur drifting away. For a 
moment, I was King Grey, in those early days: the days of loneliness, where I constantly 
questioned my self-worth, my reason for being; the days where I indulged in physical 
intimacy just to get a semblance of what being loved felt like—not as a political figure, 
but as a person.
I lowered my head, and, for a second, I was tempted to meet her lips with mine. We 
had done so before, after all.
But, given the circumstances, this wasn’t the same.
I placed a gentle kiss on her forehead and felt her flinch at my touch.
She pulled away, looking up at me as if I had hit her. “Why? Am I not attractive enough? 
Is it because you still see me as a kid? I’m already eighteen. I thought this was behind 
us! Or… or is it that you blame me for what happened, too?”
“Do you blame yourself?” I asked, keeping my expression impassive and my voice 
emotionless.
Tess lowered her eyes and nodded. “I—I was selfish… I thought that—”
“Then you’re growing,” I cut her off, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. “We all make 
mistakes, but the hardest part is admitting them and moving forward so they don’t 
happen again.”
Her shoulders trembled as she sniffled. “So, it’s not because I’m unattractive?”
Immediately, my face burned as I took in her exposed figure. “No, it’s not because 
you’re unattractive. I just want to do it properly, when we can really be with each other, 
not when we’re trying to escape from something else.”
Prying my unwilling eyes away from Tessia, I turned my back to her. “You should get 
dressed. There’s one more thing I want to do for you.”
The kitchen was empty when we arrived, but there was an abundance of food stored 
in the chilled containers.
“You wanted to… eat with me?” Tess asked, looking around the kitchen.
Taking a wrapped slab of meat from the storage, I held it up. “I want to cook for you.”
“Cook? Why?”
I shrugged, gathering the rest of the ingredients and laying them out to prepare. 
“You’ve grown up with meals made for you by the chefs in the castle.”
Rather than use magic, I pulled out a kitchen knife and began dicing and mincing the 
ingredients. “Back in Ashber, when I was a kid, my mom used to cook all of our meals. 
She poured her time and energy into each meal just to see a smile on our faces while 
we ate.”
My hand trembled, but I continued cutting. “Sitting at the dinner table… laughing and 
joking over good food. It was one of those things that I never truly appreciated—not 
until it was… too late.”
I hurriedly wiped away a tear. “Ah, s-some of the spices must’ve gotten into my eyes. 
Sorry about that. Almost forgot about the water.” I turned away from Tess and lowered 
the fire beneath the boiling pot of broth.
Through gritted teeth, I held down the sobs forming in my chest, but the tears wouldn’t 
stop. My hands shook and my breath came out in choked bursts.
Flashes of memory from my time as a child growing up in Ashber pierced my mind 
like hot iron stakes. Don’t be stupid, Arthur, I thought. It’s just food, you big idiot.
“It’s okay. I’m okay, Art.” Her voice was gentle, and her soft caress was enough to drive 
me to my knees.
I fell to the cold, hard floor, clutching my chest as heaving sobs tore out from my throat. 
As I lay there, my head in Tess’s lap, the warm touch of her hands kept me anchored, 
and the smooth cooing of her voice moved through me like magic from an emitter’s 
fingertips, easing the ache within me.
Alduin slammed the door as he stormed off. The room shuddered slightly from the 
impact.
“That didn’t go too bad. I didn’t think he’d give in so easily,” Virion breathed, sinking 
back in his seat.
“Neither did I,” I mused, my eyes still on the door that Alduin had exited through.
The Council meeting had ended more than an hour ago, but Alduin had stayed to 
protest Virion’s decision. Even General Aya, who never voiced her opinion regarding 
orders, had pleaded with Commander Virion to reconsider.
I didn’t blame them. Virion had ultimately decided to evacuate forces from Elenoir and
focus troops on the western border to defend against the Alacryan ships coming from 
the ocean. For the elves, it meant abandoning their home to the Alacryans.
Although Alduin was still angry, he relented.
“I’m glad he wants to lead the evacuation our people. Perhaps he is finally grasping 
the fact that we’re fighting to protect all of Dicathen, not just Elenoir.” Virion sighed, 
rubbing his temples. “And it will give me more time to focus on the fallback scenarios.”
I nodded. Forming strategies for battles was only half the task during times of war. 
Thinking of various contingencies and training all of your troops to know what to do 
when things didn’t work out as planned was just as—if not more—important.
We sat together wordlessly for a moment before Virion cleared his throat. I knew what 
he was going to ask. It was the same question he had struggled to ask me since I had 
arrived back at the castle.
“So, Arthur. Have you thought about my request?” Virion said, cold determination in 
his eyes.
I met his strong gaze. “I have, and I’m afraid that I’m going to have to respectfully 
refuse.”
“And if I ordered it?” he challenged.
“Then I’d have no choice but to do it.”
After a beat of silence, Virion let out a defeated sigh, shaking his head. “If your father 
hadn’t died, would you have said yes?”
My jaw tightened and I struggled to keep calm but I didn’t blame Virion for asking. 
“Most likely.”
Waving his hand in dismissal, he said, “Fine. I won’t push it any further.”
“Thank you,” I said, genuinely relieved. I hated to refuse him anything, but this was 
something I couldn’t do. “Besides, I’ve heard that General Bairon is fairly knowledgeable 
in war, anyway.”
“It is the Wykes’ family tradition to teach their younger generation the art of war and 
battle,” Virion replied. “But his knowledge stems from books—manuals of strategy 
and theory, tales of old wars long sense fought and forgotten.”
“Compared to my knowledge… as a teenager?” I rebutted, smiling in amusement.
Virion chortled. “If I thought you were a normal teenager, I would treat you the same 
as my granddaughter and put you both, along with the rest of your family, into 
protective custody.”
“Maybe I’ll take you up on that offer,” I teased.
“There is no offer, brat. Speaking as the commander, I can’t afford to lose you, so 
toughen up,” he growled. “If you’re not going to lead, then at least get your hands 
bloody.”
“Aye aye, commander,” I saluted. “Just have that early retirement package waiting for 
me.”
“Will do,” he said with a tired chuckle.
We chatted a bit more as Virion told me what to expect once Sylvie and I arrived at 
Etistin, but we also relived some old stories from our past. After all, it was possible we 
might never see each other again.
“My mother and sister should be arriving at the castle in the next day or so. Please 
take care of them in case I don’t make it back,” I said, holding out my hand.
There was a part of me that wanted to personally say goodbye to my family, to see 
their faces one last time in case I really didn’t make it out of this battle alive, but a 
bigger part of me was scared to see them.
I didn’t want to admit it, but I was somewhat comforted by the fact that, even if I died, 
my remaining family might mourn for me rather than look at me with hatred, disdain, 
or apathy.
If that made me a coward, then I would embrace the title. The fighting would offer me 
an escape, and if I was able to save our people from the Alacryans in the process, then 
some good might still come of my cowardice.
Virion clasped my hand and pulled me into a hug. “You know I’ll treat Alice and Eleanor 
as if they were my own blood. They’ll be given the same priority for retreat as Tessia 
and the Council.”
“Thank you.” I pulled away from his embrace and walked towards the door. I turned 
back one last time to look at Virion, jaw clenched and body rigid as he forced himself 
to stay composed. “You’re one of the few people in this world that made this life worth 
living and this continent worth fighting for.”
“Are you sure you don’t need any armor?” I asked my bond, concerned to see her 
wearing only a long black cloak over a pair of pants and a long-sleeved tunic. Her long, 
wheat-colored hair was pulled back and tied into a braid, accentuating her large horns.
“My scales are strong enough. Besides, conventional armor would be useless when I 
shift between forms,” she answered. We continued our journey to the teleportation 
room in silence.
The doors were already open and only one guard stationed out front; many of the 
soldiers in the castle had been sent off to Etistin, leaving few for guard duty.
I could see a few a familiar faces waiting to send us off. Aside from Tess and Elder 
Buhnd, Kathyln and Elder Hester were here as well.
“Looking quite dashing there, young hero,” Elder Hester smiled. “Clothes really do 
make the man.”
“It’s good to see you again, Elder Hester,” I greeted, holding out a hand. “I hope you 
don’t take what I did personally. I’m sorry if it’s affected you in any way.”
Hester Flamesworth accepted my gesture with a wry smile. “I heard about your father 
and what Trodius was planning. The Flamesworth name’s prestige isn’t nearly as 
important to me, and I hope this will serve to humble my brother. I would just like to 
thank you for allowing him to live.”
I nodded, letting go of her hand before turning to Elder Buhnd. I gave the old dwarf a 
pat on the shoulder. “I know that you’re just itching to get out into the field, Buhnd. 
What do you say, want to come with me?”
“Bah, and get my arse dragged back by Virion? I’ll pass. Besides, the old man needs a 
hand here, what with everything going on these days,” he replied, looking up at me. 
“Be careful over there. I know it may not feel like it right now, but there are people that 
care about you and are waiting for you to come back.”
Again, I just nodded. The promise I had made to my mother—that I would make sure 
my father was okay, turned out to be empty. I didn’t want to make another promise I 
couldn’t keep.
My gaze eventually fell on Kathyln, who had been silent.
“Thank you for seeing me off,” I told her, holding out my hand.
Kathyln hesitated before grabbing my hand. She looked up and her usually impassive 
face was alive with worry and regret. “I wish I could fight alongside you and Curtis.”
“Your mission is just as important, if not more, for the future of Dicathen. Don’t worry,”
I said, trying to comfort my friend and training partner with a smile. I understood her 
anxiousness and frustration at being unable to fight in the main battle; it’s how I felt 
about leaving so many I cared about behind.
Councilman Blaine and Councilwoman Priscilla had ordered Kathyln to the Wall to 
help the remaining soldiers scout the area and make sure there weren’t any stray 
beasts heading towards the fortress. After Trodius had been taken away, many of the 
soldiers were sent to Blackbend City in order to be transported to Etistin, leaving the 
Wall severely lacking in capable fighters.
Kathyln’s parents probably thought being at the Wall was much safer than Etistin and 
would give their restless daughter something to do.
Finally, I turned to Tess, who was already hugging and exchanging goodbyes with 
Sylvie. The two had always been close; Tessia had been in Sylvie’s life just as long as I 
had, after all. To Sylvie, Tess was mother, sister, and friend all at once, and I could feel 
my bond’s heart break just a little as she said goodbye.
When it was my turn, I gave Tess a long hug as well. “I heard you’re going to be with 
my sister and mother. Take good care of them.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t let anything happen to them,” she muttered as she pulled the leaf 
pendant out from under her shirt. “Just remember to keep your promise.”
“I’ll do my best,” I answered, pulling out my own pendant. We stared at each other 
silently for a moment before I pulled my gaze away. I couldn’t keep the image of my 
father’s corpse out of my head.
I was the one going into battle, but somehow I was still afraid for Tess. I knew it was 
childish and irresponsible to think it, but the thought of her being carried over to me 
in the same state as my father and being unable to do anything despite all my power 
made me want to run, to flee—not just with her but with Ellie and my mother.
A firm squeeze on my arms pulled me out of my thoughts. Tess wore the same smile 
she had last night, after I had broken down in the kitchen. It was a smile that conveyed 
both loss and hope, and it was just enough to give me the strength to step through the 
teleportation gate.
“I’ll see you soon. All of you,” I declared. Then, with nothing left to be said, I stepped 
through with Sylvie by my side.
After the unsettling sensation of teleportation wore off, the two of us stepped down 
from the raised podium that held the gate. Heavily armored soldiers stood on either 
side of us, heads bowed.
“General Arthur, Lady Sylvie. General Bairon is waiting for you in the castle,” the 
soldier to my left announced.
“Will you be guiding us?” I asked.
“Actually, that’ll be me,” a familiar voice rumbled from below.
It was Curtis Glayder. Despite everything that had transpired, the years had treated 
him well. His clean shaven face and sharp military crew cut made Curtis look like the 
dashing white knight he always aspired to be, complete with polished armor and 
swords strapped on both sides of his hips.
Behind him stood Grawder, his world lion bond.
“Curtis,” I said by way of greeting.
“I thought you’d prefer a familiar face since you’ve never really been around these 
parts,” he said seriously. “And even if you have been here, so much has changed that I 
doubt you’d even recognize it.”
“I’ve never actually been here, but you’re right in that this place doesn’t really seem 
like a city,” I noted, taking in the strange sights.
Everywhere I looked, the city had been redesigned for a single purpose: war. The 
shops had been converted into workspaces for the armorers, bowyers, weaponsmiths, 
fletchers, leatherworkers, herbalists, and all manner of other tradesmen working day 
and night to prepare Dicathen’s soldiers for the oncoming battle. The city plaza before 
us was filled with tents where unskilled laborers could help by washing and folding 
cloth, tying arrowheads to wooden shafts, and packaging rations. No one was idle, 
with everyone either making something or transporting it somewhere.
Soldiers practiced marching in their platoons while their officers barked commands. 
Alleys were converted into archery ranges were archers stood, positioned almost 
shoulder to shoulder, launching volleys of arrows at walls fashioned out of haystacks.
“A lot to take in, right?” Curtis said as he guided us towards a large brick tower that 
stood in the distance. “The entire city has been rearranged to act as the stronghold 
and production center for the battle. We’re hoping to keep most of the fighting away 
from the city, stopping their approach at the coast.”
Despite Curtis’s assurances that the battle would be fought elsewhere, it was clear that 
every inch of Etistin had been fortified to defend against an incursion. But I kept my 
thoughts to myself as we followed the prince through the winding, constricted streets.
I appreciated the brief tour, though, and Curtis’s lively commentary helped both Sylvie 
and I relax. Aside from the soldiers doing physical training and combat drills, the 
mood was light. Everyone seemed very confident despite the three hundred ships 
making their way toward the city at that very moment.
“I was expecting a very serious and intense atmosphere,” my bond remarked, her head 
turning from side to side, taking in the sights.
“Well, we’re still a few miles away from the coast where the actual battle will be 
happening,” Curtis answered, pointing to the thick walls that seemed newly made. 
“The city has been heavily fortified, of course, and a whole series of escape tunnels 
have been constructed underneath us to evacuate the civilians if it comes to that, but 
right now everyone seems pretty confident.
“Anyway, the castle is up this way.” Curtis pointed at the formidable structure, which 
had been stripped down and refortified into an imposing fortress. Dozens of mages 
still labored to complete the fortifications, guiding giant stone slabs into place with 
magic. The castle was situated on a small hill that overlooked the rest of the city. A 
single soaring tower looked down over the large walls.
“You said General Bairon was waiting for me? Any idea where General Varay might 
be?” I asked, looking up at the tower.
“She’s currently assisting with the construction off the coast,” Curtis explained before 
greeting the soldiers guarding the tower entrance.
Sylvie and I looked at each other, confused. “Construction?”
Curtis shot me a grin. “You’ll see when you get up there. Come on.”
We rode up a mana-powered crate and pulley system that took us all the way to the 
top of the tower.
“Courtesy of Artificer Gideon, who has spent quite a bit of time in this city, working 
the other artificers and carpenters to their bones,” Curtis explained.
“Gideon?” I repeated, looking carefully around the inside of the crate. “Is he around? 
I’ve been meaning to check in with him regarding his progress with the train system.”
“No, I don’t believe he’s in Etistin at the moment. I think he was traveling with General 
Mica to Darv. Something related to the Earthmovers’ Guild, which has been responsible 
for much of the work done in the cities.”
Too bad, I thought. I would have liked to see the old man.
“Anyway, the main room is just up those stairs, but there’s a window on this floor as 
well. You should take a look.”
Curious, Sylvie and I walked towards the far end of the circular room, which appeared 
to be a lounge. Another soldier guarded the base of the stairs.
We peered out of the viewing window, and at first, we didn’t know exactly what we 
were supposed to be looking at. My eyes scanned the mountain range to the north of 
Etistin, then panned south until my gaze landed on the shoreline of the Etistin Bay.
Without a doubt, that was what Curtis wanted us to see.
Sylvie let out a small gasp and my jaw dropped.
Filling up over half of the bay, which was more than a mile wide, was an expanse of ice 
and snow, created to make it more difficult for the approaching ships to make a 
landing.
“Incredible, isn’t it? This is what General Varay has been working on.” Curtis rested his 
forearms on the window ledge. “The largest battle of this war will be held on this 
glacial field.”
I was amazed by the conjuration of such a vast phenomenon, even more so since it 
was done by only one person. It seemed likely that General Varay would be exhausted 
by now, but the job had been well done.
I was curious as to the sort of strategy Virion and the rest of the Council had devised 
to utilize this ice field. I was given minimal information on the specific formations, 
deployment, and maneuvering of troops before I left the castle. Hopefully General 
Bairon would help clarify the details.
“Ready to go up, General?” Curtis asked.
Nodding, I followed the prince to the single set of stairs leading to the floor above, 
Sylvie right behind me. At the top of the stairs, we entered what I assumed was the 
strategic hub for the battle here, and I was immediately reminded of the situation 
rooms from my time as Grey back on Earth.
There were rows of desks with people sitting in front of large piles of transmission 
scrolls instead of computers. They were all faced towards the center of the circular 
room with a view of General Bairon, who was standing on an elevated podium that
was looking over a large earthen table with an uneven surface and a large glass orb 
perched on top of an intricate artifact. Surrounding this artifact were over a dozen 
mages on standby.
While I was curious about the purpose of the clear orb, I was more interested in the 
earthen table, which I quickly realized was a rough depiction of the soon-to-be 
battlefield. A dwarven mage stood next to the table, his hands raised over it as he 
manipulated the earth into the appropriate form.
General Bairon Wykes, older brother of Lucas Wykes, was currently discussing 
something about the march. When he finally turned to look at me, his expression was 
controlled, although a slight twitch in his eyebrows hinted at the deep animosity that 
I’m sure still roiled underneath the surface. Still, considering he had tried to kill me 
when we had first met, and would have succeeded had Olfred not stopped him, I felt 
like we were making great strides.
“General Bairon,” I greeted curtly, walking up to the earthen war-table.
“General Leywin,” he replied, not bothering to step down from his podium.
I studied the layout of the war-table, noticing the small earthen figures representing 
the troops.
“I’m assuming this information isn’t real-time, right?” I asked.
“No it isn’t, General Arthur,” the dwarf answered respectfully. “I’m only able to roughly 
gauge and track the progress from the reports we receive via transmission scroll.”
“And what is this giant orb?” I asked, looking to Bairon for an answer.
“It’s an artifact that works as a medium for the diviners present,” he answered.
“How are the diviners getting information from the battlefield?”
“These mages you see here are elite deviants capable of scrying by sharing senses with 
their bonded beasts. The diviners will be able to draw images from the scryers’ minds 
and project them into the orb,” Bairon replied, his eyes narrowing in suspicion. “Is 
there anything else I can explain for you, General Leywin?”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be joining the other Lances on the battlefield. I already declined your 
position,” I said sarcastically, annoyed by the Lance’s attitude.
“At least you had the brains to refuse it. Tens of thousands of soldiers’ lives rest on the 
choices made in this room,” Bairon retorted. “If you can’t even keep your own family 
alive, how will you keep the soldiers out there from dying needlessly?”
“What did you say?” I snarled, the rage I had carried within me from the moment I saw 
my father’s remains instantly boiling over.
“You heard me, boy,” Bairon replied, a smug smile breaking across his usually serious 
face.
“Both of you, stop,” my bond demanded, stepping between us. “And retract your mana.”
Looking around, I could see that the pressure Bairon and I were exerting was straining 
the people present in the room, all of whom looked at us fearfully. Calming myself, I 
glared at Bairon as I held up a hand. “Give me the debrief papers you received from 
the Council and we’ll be on our way.”
Bairon reluctantly handed me the folder. In it were dozens of pages highlighting 
relevant information and several transmission scrolls.
Eager to be gone from the general’s presence, I made my way to the exit, stopping just 
short of the doorway leading to the stairs, Curtis and Sylvie beside me. “And General 
Bairon? Lest the men here get the wrong impression, I want to assure them that we 
are on the same side. We all make mistakes, and we all suffer losses. We’ve both lost 
family members in this fight, haven’t we?”
I passed over the high city walls that marked the edge of Etistin perched on Sylvie’s 
back. I was turned around backwards, using my body as a wind break so I could read 
through the notes outlining the coming battle. Below us, lines of soldiers marched 
through the hills that led down to the Etistin Bay. Above us, low gray clouds were 
blowing in, and I could feel the moisture in the air.
Something’s not adding up, I thought to myself, my eyes scouring over the estimated 
numbers of the approaching Alacryan forces.
‘What’s wrong?’ Sylvie replied, noticing my concern.
It’s just that, if I were the Alacryan general, there is no way I would initiate a full scale 
battle like this.
I could sense the confusion from my bond, so I elaborated what was on my mind.
From what we’d gathered, the Vritra had been preparing for this war for many years 
now, from smuggling in spies like Headmaster Goodsky to poisoning and corrupting 
the mana beasts. They’d manipulated the dwarves into supporting them and secretly 
installed teleportation gates deep within the dungeons of the Beast Glades.
This all happened right under our noses, much of it before Dicathen even knew that 
another continent existed!
Considering this, it seemed counterintuitive for them to suddenly abandon their 
machinations and face us head on.
If the numbers I’d been provided were accurate, their force were huge, and since they 
were arriving by ship, their resources were limited. The journey here must’ve already 
drained their food and water supply by a considerable amount. They had no way to 
reinforce or resupply their troops, and there was nowhere for them to retreat to if we 
claimed the upper hand.
Of course, their specialized mages were a more well-oiled and cohesive military force 
than our soldiers were, giving them an edge in combat. We vastly outnumbered them, 
though, even if it would take time to mobilize all of our forces.
Was I overthinking things? Perhaps the Alacryans just wanted to wrap this up. I 
already knew that Agrona wanted to avoid an unnecessarily high death count on 
either side, as his real fight was against the asuras in Epheotus, so maybe he thought 
that achieving victory in a formal battle like this would end the war cleanly?
‘Maybe you should’ve taken the strategic general position,’ Sylvie suggested after 
absorbing all of my thoughts on the information I’d been provided. ‘You have a stronger 
strategic mind than Bairon, and our soldiers deserve leaders who will spend their lives 
wisely. After what happened at the Wall—’
No. Bairon is a real bastard, but he’s no Trodius. He’s a Lance, and he’s right. I don’t have 
a stable enough mindset to make those kinds of decisions right now, not when I know 
that each of their deaths would be caused by the choices I make.
I couldn’t play chess using the lives of our soldiers as pawns when I already felt 
responsible for the death of my father.
“Focus, Arthur. We have a war to finish,” I said aloud, slapping my cheeks.
With General Bairon helming the battle, I was but a soldier assigned a mission. In a 
way, this was easier. My hands would get bloody instead of my soul.
Fly a bit lower, Sylv, I sent to my bond, closing the folder Bairon had given me and 
turning around.
Sylvie folded her wings and dived down until I could make out the shapes of the 
individual soldiers marching below.
With a wave of my arms, I released a blast of fire, then intertwined tendrils of lightning 
through the flames, and finally conjured a series of wind-blades that chased each other 
round and round the conflagration, creating a spectacular elemental light show in the 
sky.
Catching onto what I was doing, Sylvie raised her head and opened her large jaws to 
let out a deafening roar.
Hearing the cheers and shouts from the troops below, I couldn’t help but smile.
‘That was a bit childish of us, no?’ my bond asked, her deep chuckle vibrating up 
through my legs.
Not at all, Sylv. Morale is one of the most overlooked but important aspects of large-scale 
battles, I replied.
Shortly thereafter, we reached Etistin Bay.
The first thing we noticed was the temperature. As we approached the conjured field 
of snow and ice, I felt a biting chill eating through the thin barrier of mana I created to 
protect myself whenever I flew.
Varay was truly on another level compared to the rest of the other Lances. While I’d 
like to say that I could beat Varay in a one-on-one battle, I wasn’t sure I could. I had 
Sylvia’s dragon will, was a quadra-elemental conjurer, and my fighting prowess was 
perhaps unmatched on Dicathen, but Varay’s power and control over her mana 
seemed absolute. Having her as an ally was incredibly reassuring.
Sylvie landed at the threshold where the coastal beaches became ice. It was as if a 
frozen wasteland had fallen from the sky, burying half of the bay in the process and 
warping the land around it; clouds of frosted breath rose up from the rows of infantry 
already gathered along the beachfront as they stood in tense silence. The mood was 
dark, and there was an ominous foreboding lingering in the frigid air.
Even with the captains shouting encouragement and trying to boost morale, I could 
almost see the weight of death that they carried on their shoulders. With so many eyes 
on me, I outwardly remained impassive, but my stomach churned at the sight of these 
soldiers all lined up, waiting to fight and die. I tried not to dwell on it. I tried to bring 
back that detached, emotionless state I had relied so heavily on during my life as King 
Grey.
Some of the soldiers seemed so young, many even younger than me, and it was the 
young men and women in particular who stared up at me as if begging me to impart 
upon them the strength to face the battle to come. I met their eyes, as many as I could, 
giving them nods and encouraging smiles, and I’d like to think that our presence did 
give many of the soldiers hope.
“General Arthur, welcome.” The frigid-smooth voice cut through the drifting mist like 
the beam of a lighthouse, and the entire atmosphere seemed to change. The silhouette 
of an armor-clad woman stepped into view, as elegant and fierce as a leopard.
“General Varay,” I greeted my fellow Lance with a genuine smile.
She stretched out her hand, shaking mine firmly. I could tell she was making it a point 
to display our composure to the infantry troops, and I mimicked her air of confident 
readiness. Sylvie, who remained in her draconic form, lowered her head to let Varay 
gently touch her snout.
We walked together towards the back of the line while the white-haired general 
explained the basic formations and maneuvers they had planned. Most of what she 
told me had been contained in the briefing I read on the way here, but it was different 
seeing it all laid out in front of me.
We passed row after row of infantry soldiers—augmenters and non-mages alike—
organized into three phases. These would be the first men to charge in, meeting our 
enemies as they attempted to storm the beach.
It was clear when we reached the conjurers; spears and axes were replaced by staves 
and wands, and instead of armor, most of these men and women wore simple robes. 
Within the lines of conjurers and archers, I saw a few familiar faces.
The first was Captain Auddyr, standing tall behind his troop of elite augmenters, who 
were a part of the barrier line that would support and protect the conjurers should 
the enemy break this far into our formation. I had met the captain when I was 
deployed on my first mission, which soon after became the Battle of Slore. He was 
wearing a conspicuously extravagant set of armor, of course. We exchanged a short 
glance, and the only greeting I was shown was a slight nod of his head before he turned 
back to his troops.
The second familiar face was Madam Astera, who, I noticed, was no longer disguised 
as a cook, but had donned simple armor and wore two longswords across her back 
with ease. We had met on that same mission and had occasion to spar with one 
another. I knew her to be a strong combatant and a respected leader. I recognized 
some of her soldiers as well: the overconfident Nyphia, and the thuggish Herrick, both 
of whom had tried to best me in a duel but failed.
Madam Astera shot me a grin and mouthed the words, “looking good,” while her 
soldiers looked awestruck. I winked playfully at Nyphia and Herrick, eliciting a blush 
from one and chagrined smile from the other.
We climbed a steep set of stone stairs that followed the incline of the terrain just east 
of Etistin Bay.
This was another strategic advantage we held. The ascending elevation gave our 
archers and conjurers a clear advantage, as they would have superior visibility and 
range. Defensive walls had been crafted by earth mages to provide the troops at this 
level cover should the Alacryans try to attack the back line from a distance. The truth 
was, we really didn’t know that much about the kinds of spells their Casters could 
specialize in, so we had tried to prepare for anything and everything.
We reached the top of the hill just in time for me to feel the first raindrop on my cheek. 
It only took a few seconds for the single drop to become a heavy downpour. Sylvie was 
about to lift up a wing to shield us from the rain, but I stopped her.
We’re all soldiers here. We’ll all be fighting in the rain together anyway, I said, my eyes 
focusing on the field of ice. Rain and fog impeded our vision, and the sound of our 
soldiers still marching towards the shore could be heard under the heavy thrumming 
of rain.
“We will stay behind for the first wave. Scryers will have eyes on the field and General 
Bairon will relay information on the enemy forces for us soon after,” General Varay 
said beside me. “Many of our forces are still mobilizing, so we’re expecting continuous 
reinforcement, including more silver core mages.”
And so, we waited. I could feel the tension building and more than once I heard a 
captain delivering a pep talk to their troops.
‘The wait is more agonizing than I imagined,’ my bond thought, her bright hazel eyes 
trying to catch a glimpse of anything within the fog above the ice-field. I nodded, 
wishing I could simply fly to the enemy flotilla and unleash hell, but we already knew 
that their Shields were more than capable of defending the ships, even from a Lance.
More and more troops arrived. Some were sent to either side of the bay, while others 
remained back as reserve forces.
It felt like hours had passed, all of us standing in the rain with white knuckles gripping 
our weapons.
Were those shapes, moving in the distance? Was that the low rumble of steam engines, 
barely audible beneath the hammering rain?
A crack like ice breaking resounded through the bay.
Then the horn rang.
I could see our men stiffen as the deep, brassy note announced that the enemies had 
landed on the outer edge of the ice fields, and their soldiers were disembarking.
A minute passed, then two, and finally the second horn rang, followed by General 
Varay’s mana-enforced roar.
“Charge!”
MICA EARTHBORN
“Through there?” Skarn echoed, his voice rising nervously.
“Aye,” answered Oberle, who had just directed us into an uncomfortably tall and 
narrow crevasse.
It had been three days since we’d left the Earthborn Institute. Oberle had led us down 
and through the deep tunnels until we’d left Vildorial behind entirely. We’d seen no 
sign of the Alacryans, though our guide assured us we were going the right way.
“Mica will go first. Keep your eyes up. This would be a fine place for a trap.”
I slipped into the gap. On either side of me, towering walls of volcanic glass rose up 
into the darkness above. Behind me, Oberle carried an illuminating artifact, which cast 
a silver light across the rippling obsidian.
Hornfels and Skarn came next, their axes out. Elder Buhnd’s soldiers trailed behind 
them.
All three of them, I grumbled to myself.
When Alanis had returned, tired and frustrated, she had brought three mages and the 
news that most of the dwarves under Buhnd’s command were already pursuing a lead 
that had taken them away from Vildorial. These three were all the assistance the 
taskforce could afford us.
They weren’t useless though: two dark yellow core augmenters and a solid yellow core 
conjurer. The augmenters, Kobel and Jasper—both rugged veterans—followed behind 
my cousins. Tetra Satinspar, the conjurer, brought up the rear. She held a second 
illuminating artifact, which caused her chalky-white skin and pure-white hair to glow.
Though we moved slowly, the narrow space amplified our noise, and it sounded as 
though a hundred dwarves marched with us. Great. With every step, we’re basically 
ringing the dinner bell for any mana beasts that lair in this crevasse.
Within minutes, Skarn began interrogating our guide in a hoarse, urgent whisper.
“How far does this go?”
“Not far,” Oberle answered.
“And you’re sure this is the way?”
“Aye.”
“Did you see any creatures last time you were through?”
“No.”
“Hush,” I hissed. “Keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth shut, Cousin.”
Despite Oberle’s assurances, the fissure seemed to lead on for a very long time, and it 
began to play tricks on my senses. The walls appeared to move, rippling like the 
surface of a pond, and a silky scraping sound echoed down from above, barely audible 
over our own scuffling feet.
Then the clicking started. It was subtle and consistent, like someone had a rock stuck 
in their boot. I was entirely focused on the noise, trying to determine where it was 
coming from, when Oberle caught a toe on the uneven floor and spilled forward with 
a grunt.
The luminous globe he carried tumbled out of his hands, bounced off the hard ground 
with a sharp crack that echoed through the ravine, and rolled between my feet, causing 
the walls to dance madly around us.
“I thought you were a miner, boy?” Skarn hissed. “Some tunnel legs you’ve got—” 
Skarn’s voice choked off suddenly. I shot him a concerned look, but he was silhouetted 
against Tetra’s light. As I opened my mouth to speak, his dark form was lifted into the 
air.
Hornfels hollered and leapt upward, grabbing his brother by the ankles. For a single 
breath they appeared to float in midair, then Skarn’s boots slipped free of his feet and 
Hornfels crashed back to the ground. Skarn’s axe bounced off the stone floor a moment 
later.
“Skarn!” I yelled as he was dragged out of sight high above us.
Supporting myself with ambient mana, I lifted off the ground and flew up into the dark 
after Skarn. Even for a dwarf, it was difficult to see in the utter blackness within this 
crack, but once I was in the air I could hear the shapes moving in the dark clearly: Click. 
Click click click. Click click.
Something like a thick, wet, sticky rope sudden wrapped around my neck, jerking me 
off course so that I crashed into the wall. Reaching up, I grabbed the rope, wrapped it 
around my wrist, and pulled. At the same time, I increased the force of gravity on my 
body by several times.
From above, a hairy creature slightly larger than a dwarf plummeted past me, its eight 
legs scrabbling at the glassy walls. There was a wet crunch when it reached the 
bottom.
“Gallows spiders!” I yelled to my companions below. “Light!”
A moment later, a blob of bright orange light arced into the air; Tetra had thrown a ball 
of pure magma high up into darkness, revealing a shifting, twitching river of huge 
spiders scuttling upside down along the roof of the crevasse. Long strands of webs 
hung down all around me, their knotted, noose-like ends set like snares to catch 
unwary prey.
“Skarn!” I shouted again, searching for my cousin among the mass of spiders, which 
had begun hissing and clicking loudly in the presence of the light.
Something heavy hit me from behind and several hard, hairy legs wrapped around me. 
I turned to see the spider’s eyeless face only inches from mine, its four fangs, each as 
long and sharp as a filleting knife, ready to carve me open and pump me full of venom.
Twisting away to avoid the fangs, I conjured a short blade of granite in my left hand 
and flicked up and outward, sheering through two of the spider’s legs. With another 
flick, the spider’s abdomen fell away, followed quickly by the rest of it.
The lava dripping down the ravine wall was already fading, taking the orange glow 
with it. I turned back to the task of finding Skarn when a grinding roar like an 
avalanche filled the air. Twenty feet away, four stone spikes burst out of the walls, 
skewering a crowd of spiders and revealing Skarn, clinging for his life to a strand of 
web.
Taking a cue from my clever cousin, I molded a boulder—three feet across—from the 
obsidian walls, then reversed gravity’s pull on it, causing it to fly up into the air and 
smash into the roof. The black boulder began to roll across the ceiling, crushing the 
spiders and destroying their webs.
I focused on the boulder until I saw it pass above Skarn, breaking the tether to which 
he clung. With a curse, he began to topple downward, but I was next to him before he’d 
fallen ten feet, grabbing him around the chest and easing his decent.
On the floor, our companions had been forced to shield themselves from a shower of 
spider parts.
“By rock and root, this is the most disgusting thing I’ve ever seen,” Hornfels grumbled, 
wiping a glob of green slime out of his beard.
“It smells!” Oberle moaned, sheltering under a stone slab that Jasper had created.
For good measure, I rolled the stone back across the ceiling, making sure the gallows 
spiders were good and dead, then let it meld back into the walls.
“Well, that was certainly exciting,” I said happily, pulling a bit of spider-silk from 
Skarn’s hair. “Mica is glad you’re not spider-food, Cousin.”
“Likewise,” Skarn growled, rubbing at the red burn on his neck where the Gallows 
Spider’s snare had caught him. “Now, where the hell are my boots?”
The evening found us all sitting around a mound of glowing fire salt amid our 
makeshift camp, which we had set up in the middle of a long, straight section of the 
tunnel, allowing us decent visibility in both directions. I dipped a chunk of hardtack in 
my ale to soften as I listened to Oberle discuss the enemy hideout.
“The grotto is at the bottom of a natural fissure. Water runs down it into a pool within 
a cave maybe a hundred yards wide. All their tents and things must have been hauled 
in, because I didn’t see any structures that looked grown or conjured.”
“Seems likely they don’t have the means,” added Tetra, who had been listening 
carefully and nodding along. “We haven’t found any Alacryans trained in that sort of 
magic. Their use of mana seems very specific.”
“It is,” I added. “Mica doesn’t think they brought their bakers and carpenters to 
Dicathen for war. Their soldiers focus on just one thing: killing our soldiers.”
“And how far away did you say this fissure is, again?” Kobel asked. He was a grizzled 
old dwarf; his left ear had been chewed off by something and his beard was patchy on 
that side due to a network of scars that ran across his face.
“Round about four hours, maybe five,” Oberle said with a noncommittal shrug. “Only 
been here the once and didn’t think I’d be back. The tunnels are all pretty easy going 
for the rest of the way, though.”
Tetra leaned forward and gazed at Oberle. The weak red light of the fire salt reflected 
in her pink eyes, making them glow like burning coals. “Were there any scouts, any 
guard posts outside of the grotto?”
“I never saw any, ma’am, and I was looking,” Oberle assured us. “Truth is, I was 
petrified after near-to-four days of crawling through the tunnels, just me and Torple. 
I had stared into every nook and cranny to make sure some critter wasn’t waiting to 
grab me from the shadows.”
“Awful lucky those gallows spiders weren’t there when you crossed the crevasse,” 
grumbled Skarn, eyeing the boy suspiciously.
“Maybe they were,” Oberle said, shrugging again. “We went the whole way in the dark, 
though. Torple insisted.”
“Ah, well, that wouldn’t have helped us any,” Hornfels said seriously. “The way Skarn 
huffs and puffs when he walks, they’d have found him regardless.” The group burst 
into laughter, all except Skarn, who eyed his twin dangerously and brandished his axe.
“Hey! You’re no better than—”
“Quiet!” I hissed, turning my ear toward the dark tunnel behind me. Tetra held aloft 
her lighting artifact and focused down the tunnel. The little hairs on the back of my 
neck stood up despite the fact that the tunnel appeared empty.
“What is it—” Skarn started to ask, but I motioned for silence.
Focusing mana into my eyes, I searched the tunnel for any sign of movement. There! 
The beam of light revealed the individual particles of dust floating in the air, and, at a 
point thirty feet down the tunnel, something was pushing them aside.
“They’re shielded!” I screamed, throwing up a wall of stone across the tunnel. An 
instant later, something hammered into it with the force of a battering ram. Behind 
me, a chorus of curses issued from my companions as they each jumped up and 
prepared to defend themselves.
A second blast caused a spider web of cracks to form in the wall. It wouldn’t survive a 
third, but that was fine with me.
Between my hands, I condensed earth mana into a rough stone a foot and a half wide. 
I kept pressing into it, forcing more mana into the stone but not allowing it to grow, 
until it weighed as much as a bull aurochs.
When the stone wall crumbled under the force of a third blast, I released the Meteor 
Strike, targeting the ground forty feet ahead. The dense stone began to glow as it 
streaked toward where I thought the enemy was hiding. When the meteor met the 
invisible barrier there was a sound like shattering glass and the shield fell away, briefly 
revealing three very surprised men.
One of the Alacryans was standing in the meteor’s path. He was nearly vaporized on 
contact. The speeding stone struck the ground behind the remaining two, exploding 
with enough force to fling them the thirty feet into our camp, where they landed in 
crumpled heaps, both entirely still.
Behind me, Hornfels lowered his axe. “Why are we here again?”
I was bent over the closest Alacryan, my hand pressed against his chest.“Entertainment,” 
I told him. I then checked the second man. “Dead, both of them. Mica hit them too 
hard.”
I straightened and gazed at my companions, mulling the situation over. “If Mica were 
in their boots, Mica would have sent the fastest runner back to warn of enemy soldiers 
nearby. The element of surprise is likely lost.”
“You could fly after them, see if you can catch up before they reach the grotto,” Hornfels 
suggested.
“Mica would have to leave you to do so, and we don’t know how long these three 
waited before they attacked. No. High risk, perhaps no reward. But we won’t give the 
Alacryans any more time to prepare than we have to. Break time is over. Grab your 
gear.”
We ran all the way to the fissure that led down into the hidden grotto where our enemy 
was camped, which took a little less than two hours. There had been no sign of the 
scout I assumed had gone to warn the Alacryans of our presence.
A series of cracks in the walls and ceiling dripped constantly, feeding a stream that 
meandered down the fissure. All around the stream grew glowing mushrooms, which 
filled the fissure with a dim green-blue light.
“How pretty,” I whispered, bending down to look more closely at the fungi. “Also 
deadly, Mica thinks.”
“We were warned not to touch them,” Oberle said quietly from behind me. “When I 
was here with Torple. The grotto’s just at the bottom, maybe three hundred yards.”
I took several careful steps into the fissure, trying to see what lay ahead, but the 
natural path was too jagged to see far. A flutter of something akin to fear passed 
through me, raising gooseflesh along my arms and neck. Don’t be a coward, I thought 
to myself.
Turning, I gazed at the rest of my party: pale, terrified Oberle; grim-faced Skarn; 
Hornfels, one eyebrow cocked slightly as he waited for my word; scarred Kobel and 
silent Jasper; and Tetra, glowing like fire bug with her light artifact held aloft.
“Perhaps Mica should go in alone,” I suggested, my voice barely audible. If there is a 
Scythe down there…
Skarn spit into the stream and Hornfels snorted. “Not bloody likely.”
“We’ve been tasked by Councilor Buhndemog himself with tracking down every last 
Alacryan in Darv, General Mica,” Tetra added. “It would be tantamount to desertion if 
we turned away now.”
“Oberle,” I said, making a decision. He looked at me nervously. “You, at least, will return 
to Vildorial. Go to the Earthborn Institute and inform Mica’s attendant, Alanis, that you 
delivered us to the Alacryan hideout as promised. If Mica does not return within two 
days of your arrival in Vildorial, assume the worst. Alanis should beg assistance from 
the Council. If Mica dies, it will mean that a Scythe is still in Darv.”
Oberle’s resolve seemed to crack and his shoulders began to shake. “Thank you. They… 
they said if Torple or I came back to their camp we’d drop dead and I—I was so afraid, 
I thought for sure…” He trailed off as tears began to leak down into his beard.
“Hush now, you’ve done beautifully as Mica’s guide.” I smiled in what I hoped was a 
comforting way.
Oberle stepped into the fissure, carefully moving over the mushrooms, and wrapped 
me in a tight embrace. Unsure how to respond, I froze, staring helplessly over his 
shoulder at the others. Hornfels grinned and winked at me. Then the green-blue light 
around us shifted subtly, taking on an amethyst hue.
“What is—” Skarn started, but he was cut off by a pained grunt from Oberle.
The fire salt miner took a step back from me, staring down at his chest. A dull, purplish
glow was radiating through his heavy tunic.
Stepping forward, I ripped open the thick cloth, revealing his barrel chest. Something 
within his sternum was glowing through his skin and getting brighter by the second.
Oberle opened his mouth to scream, but dark purple light came out instead.
He’s a bomb!
With no time to even shout a warning, I used Black Diamond Vault. A glimmering 
crystal structure appeared around me, then grew rapidly outward until it had 
encapsulated both me and Oberle within an impenetrable layer of black diamond.
Once Oberle was contained, I pushed out in all directions with a nova of anti-gravity, 
hopefully causing the others to slide away from the mineral prison containing the 
bomb. I couldn’t see or hear anything outside of the spell’s effects, though. With no 
way of knowing how strong the explosion would be, I waited, encased within the black 
crystals.
It’s so dark, I’m seeing spots, I thought. Then I realized the points of light were holes 
appearing in the black diamond as the mana bomb detonated, eating through the 
hardest substance known to man or dwarf like acid through parchment.
Unable to escape, I layered mana over my body, pushing everything I had into a 
protective barrier. Everywhere the glow touched, I could feel my power being burned 
away.
Then, in a brilliant flash of light, the world turned upside down.
The quiet tension had dissipated, replaced by the guttural roars of our soldiers and 
the trembling of the earth as they charged forth.
Even with all of my knowledge and experience in the battlefield, both in this life and 
the previous one, my nerves were on fire with excitement.
Sylvie felt it, and she was in a similar state. Her rush of adrenaline mixed with my own 
barely-contained anticipation as we gazed down at the approaching enemy forces 
moving with care through the fields of snow and ice.
We leaned forward, watching expectantly as our forces collided with theirs. Our front 
line was an organized wave of soldiers with allies ready to back them up and provide 
cover, but their forces seemed disorganized, missing the tactical efficiency I’d seen 
from the Alacryans in previous battles. It was difficult to make out the specifics, 
though. The mist that shrouded the battlefield obscured the fine details.
Even the scryers behind us were barely able to give us any information aside from the 
fact that our enemy troops all wore little to no armor and their equipment in general 
seemed to be a hodgepodge of clothes and common household items-turned-armor.
I wanted to be down there, in the midst of the battle. It was torture, standing above it, 
listening to the thunder of feet, the clashing of steel, the screams of dying men. It all 
blended together, a cacophony so loud that I could feel the tremors through the soles
of my feet.
Can you tell what’s going on? I asked Sylvie.
My bond only shook her head.
I turned to Varay. “Maybe we should get rid of the mist, General. I can’t tell what’s going 
on down there.”
She refused. “We know what’s on their side. We have to keep them from knowing 
what’s on our side. Deviating from the plan at this stage is impossible. Wait for Bairon 
and the Council’s orders.”
I was irritated but held my tongue. She was right—and more than that, it wasn’t my 
place to give orders here. I had refused the position because I couldn’t handle the 
responsibility right now. Who was I to do as I pleased just because I felt uneasy?
Choosing to trust Varay, Bairon, and the Council, I watched and waited for my time to 
come.
Flashes of light followed by a wave of cries and screams soon caught my attention.
It looks like the Alacryans have already sent in their mages, I conveyed to my bond.
It was a little disconcerting that they’d deploy their mages so early on in the battle. 
However, I remembered what Agrona had said about how Alacrya had so many more 
mages due to the experiments that he had performed over several generations.
‘Their mages seem to be spread out inconsistently, though,’ Sylvie pointed out.
She was right. There were areas on the field where flashes of magic were close 
together or clustered, while in other areas, there were several dozen yards between 
each sign of spells being cast.
Again, a sense of unease filled me, but I remained quiet. My eyes scanned the 
battlefield through the shroud of mist emanating from the icy ground, trying to find 
any signs of a retainer or Scythe.
Suddenly, movement above us caught my attention. Looking up, I saw a fleet of mages 
riding on winged mounts.
“The aerial fleets are here,” Varay announced as dozens of mages sailed overhead and 
into the battlefield.
There would be three main forces in play during this battle. First were the infantry, 
responsible for making first contact and keeping a constant pressure forward, 
preventing the Alacryans from taking any ground. Next were the aerial forces 
responsible for creating disarray within the Alacryans’ rear line by dropping spells on 
them from above. Finally, there were the Lances.
The aerial forces lit up the foggy backdrop with their spells, raining down motes of 
fire, bolts of lightning, and shards of ice.
The cries and screams began to blend in with the other background noises of battle. 
Seeing Varay’s gaze as she studied the battlefield intently, I could almost see the 
burden of their deaths pressing down on her shoulders.
The battle continued for more than an hour before my patience frayed.
“General Varay, let me go down there too,” I requested.
“No. It’s too soon,” she replied, studying the battlefield. “The first wave will fall back in 
the center, drawing the Alacryans after them, then these divisions will close in like a 
vice. That’s when you’ll go down.”
I was itching to get down there, to feel useful. I wanted to prove myself, and to begin 
the long task of avenging my father.
‘It’s okay. We’ll have our time to contribute, Arthur,’ Sylvie said. ‘Besides, it looks like the 
tide of battle is in our favor.’
This was true. I could make out the vague outlines of formations from where we were 
standing, and our forces seemed to be holding the line, whereas the Alacryans were
falling nearly as fast as they could reach the shore.
Varay turned her piercing gaze to me. “You’ll go in and target only their powerful 
mages. You will only be in the field for an hour at a time.”
I nodded in understanding. Varay and I were the only white core mages present. I 
couldn’t tire myself out in case a retainer or Scythe—perhaps both—showed up. 
Facing the enemy elites was our most important duty.
“Get ready,” Varay instructed.
I hopped onto Sylvie’s back, sheathing myself in mana.
A horn trumpeted from the left side of the bay, followed immediately by another one 
from the right.
“Go!” Varay ordered. “And don’t die.”
I thought she was joking, but her severe expression said otherwise. I gave Varay a stern 
nod, then Sylvie beat her powerful wings, causing the mist to whirl around us.
We stayed low, passing just over the next line of soldiers as they charged forward, until 
the ground changed to snow.
Fight in human form and focus on supporting our troops. I’ll handle picking off the 
Alacryan mages, I directed as I jumped off Sylvie’s back.
‘Got it. I don’t sense any retainers or Scythes, but be careful, Arthur. Always be careful,’
she replied as she shifted into her human form and banked left, quickly disappearing 
into the chaos.
I landed hard on the icy ground, kicking up a cloud of frost. Behind me, I could hear 
the thunder of armored boots as a line of augmenters charged forward into battle. 
Ahead, I could see our first wave of troops trying to withdraw. Much of the white field 
had been stained red, and corpses covered ground. More would join them as the battle 
progressed.
Drawing Dawn’s Ballad, I imbued it in pale blue fire and held the blazing sword aloft 
for those behind me to see.
“For Dicathen!” I roared, leading the battle mages in their charge.
We surged around our own forces, who were slowing falling back, then broke out 
amongst the Alacryan ranks. I was surprised to find them bloodied and disorganized, 
some soldiers clustered together while others were off by themselves. There was no 
front line, no division of forces to utilize their specialized magic.
Casting aside my doubts, I clad myself in a cloak of lightning and fire and let out a 
battle-cry as we approached the scattered enemy force.
The charge forward may have been an awe-inspiring sight, but the clash was dreadful. 
I felt it just as much as I heard it: metal shrieked and rang, men screamed in pain. The 
faint hum of magic was always present as both sides unleashed a torrent of spells.
My first opponent fell to a single slash from my sword. Several more followed, and 
they all fell just as quickly, but it wasn’t just me. Our line of augmenters was swiftly 
moving through the Alacryan soldiers, delivering a catastrophic number of casualties 
while we took next to none.
The first enemy mage that I found was by himself, surrounded by fallen Dicathian 
soldiers. His shoulders were hunched with exhaustion; his entire body was terribly 
thin with a sickly pale tone. Tendrils of lightning hung from his hands like whips, 
hissing and popping where they touched the snow.
He snarled at me like a starving animal—desperate and deranged. I thought back to 
the Alacryan mages I had fought at Slore, how focused they had been, how organized. 
This savage mage had nothing in common with those men.
Setting aside my curiosity for the moment, I rushed forward, conjuring a blade of ice 
and lightning in my free hand and swinging it with all my might. The crescent cut 
through the enemy mage’s torso before he even had a chance to lift his lightning whips.
I moved on, looking for my next target. I tried to focus on my task amidst the chaos of 
battle, tuning out the cries of both enemies and allies. I gazed around the battlefield, 
still concerned at the lack of organization amongst the mages, who themselves 
appeared to be few in number.
Stains of pink from snow-mixed blood could be seen more often than white itself, and 
in some desperate places, the ground had turned a dark crimson. Severed arms still 
clutching onto weapons, chopped off legs, and split-open heads littered the battlefield 
like leaves after a fall storm.
Had it not been for the experiences of my previous life and the adrenaline coursing 
through my veins, I would’ve knelt down and retched on more than one occasion.
After an hour, Sylvie and I regrouped and headed back to the lookout where Varay 
waited.
I could feel the grief and horror emanating from my bond, and my state of mind wasn’t 
much better. We were welcomed back by the applauding and cheering of the soldiers 
gathered at the rear camp, but that only made it worse. Most of the soldiers who’d 
fallen back to the rear were injured, many unconscious.
I couldn’t help but wonder: How many of these soldiers’ missing limbs had I run across 
out in the battlefield?
Medics ran around carrying supplies while the few emitters available in this particular 
camp were already on the verge of backlash from overusing their mana. But despite 
all of the activity and noise around us, I felt like I was watching everything through a 
thick, foggy lens.
“Good work,” Varay said, patting me on the back.
I mustered a nod, then walked away, eventually taking a seat below a tree on the far 
edge of the camp. Sylvie sat beside me and the two of us silently gathered ourselves.
I wasn’t tired. My mana reserves weren’t drained despite the near fifty men I had killed 
in that hour. In fact, my body felt lighter than ever. It was different from fighting against 
the beast horde; these soldiers had consciously and intentionally killed my people.
The fact that I was killing because I was just following orders was merely an excuse 
for me. The order was just a shallow justification to let loose on the ones responsible 
for the death of my father.
The day stretched on, the end of the battle nowhere in sight. Sylvie and I had gone 
down to the battlefield four times and we were getting ready for our fifth run.
“Are you okay, Arthur?” my bond asked, gripping my arm gently.
“I’m hungry, but I feel nauseous just thinking about food,” I replied quietly. “Let’s get 
this over with.”
Sylvie nodded. “We’re doing a good thing though. We’ve saved hundreds, maybe 
thousands of lives by taking down those mages.”
“I know, but it’s just—never mind,” I sighed.
Reading my thoughts, she said aloud, “You still think something is off about them?”
“I do, Sylv. We’re winning, so I’ve tried not to over analyze it, but it’s still on my mind. 
I haven’t exactly made an in-depth study of the Alacryans, but this—them,” I said, 
gesturing out to the field. “They’re not the organized troops that Agrona created. Not 
like those we’ve fought before.”
“Maybe they were the elites,” Sylvie replied.
“Maybe you’re right,” I sighed.
Maybe I really had overestimated Agrona and the Alacryans. Despite all of the planning 
that they’d done over the years, the Vritra were still trying to invade an entire 
continent. It’s only normal for us to have an advantage.
That was when I overheard one of the injured soldiers talking.
I whipped around and ran to the man. He was lying on a table with a medic wrapping 
new gauze around his injuries.
“What did you say?” I asked, causing him to jump.
“G-General! My apologies. I shouldn’t have said something so outrageous!” he exclaimed, 
eyes wide with fear.
“I need to know what you said just now. Something about ‘freed’?”
“I—I just said that I felt a little… bad for them,” he answered, his voice dropping to a 
whisper. “One of the Alacryans, just before I killed him, begged me not to. He said 
something about being granted freedom if he lives.”
“They would be granted freedom?” Sylvie echoed, turning to me with an expression of 
concern. “Do they enslave their soldiers?”
It all connected, all of my questions, those little things that hadn’t made sense: how 
untrained the soldiers seemed, how spread apart their specialized mages were, the 
disunity amongst their troops, and even the lack of uniforms and armor to help them 
tell each other apart from their enemies.
“They’re not soldiers,” I muttered, looking at Sylvie. “Those are just their prisoners.”
Sylvie’s eyes widened in realization as she asked the question that really mattered. “So
then, where are their actual soldiers?”
ALDUIN ERALITH
I watched as Merial gently stroked our daughter’s hair, tucking in loose strands behind 
her ear. Pale columns of moonlight enveloped them, lending a serene atmosphere to 
the quiet room.
How long has it been since we were last together like this? I wondered. Too long.
We’d spent the better half of the night talking, like a real family, until Tessia finally fell 
asleep.
She had grown so strong, so beautiful. She was the spitting image of her mother, yet 
she had my stubbornness. Hearing her talk—hearing her really talk—about how she 
was doing and about her plans for the future… It was what I needed.
It reaffirmed my decision.
I made my way towards the door, taking one last look at my two girls. Merial looked 
up at me, and though her eyes were lined with tears, I saw in her the determination of 
the root that cracks the stone, of the tree that grows beyond the canopy to spread its 
leaves in the light, of the cicada that waits out the frost, buried within the roots. There 
were no more words to share, but she nodded, telling me everything I needed to know.
Nodding back, my expression hard, I stepped outside the room. I’d been in the castle 
for several years now, but never before had it felt so large and barren. The sconces 
lighting up the hallway flickered wildly as I passed, almost like they knew and were 
rebuking me.
I only made it a few steps before I relented under the pressure weighing down on me. 
I leaned back against the wall for support as the tension grew in me, spreading 
through my face and limbs like wildfire. My breath came in stuttered gasps and my 
heart hammered so fiercely against my chest that I feared my ribs would crack. The 
empty corridors tottered and spun with every little movement I made, until, like a 
drunkard, I stumbled and fell to the floor. I buried my face in my knees, clutching at 
my hair with trembling hands as I thought back to last night’s conversation.
I saw Arthur’s bond in her human form. Her demeanor was casual yet refined as she 
approached me.
“What is it now?” I snarled, taking an involuntary step back. I knew exactly who it was. 
It was obvious just by the way she carried herself and the expression on her face that this 
wasn’t actually Arthur’s bond—it was Agrona.
“How very curt of you, King Alduin,” she—or rather, he—replied. “I thought we were 
friends.”
“Friends? I did what you asked, but my daughter still almost died out there on the field! 
If it wasn’t for General Aya—”
“If my soldiers purposely avoided her like she carried some sort of plague, your daughter 
wouldn’t be merely bruised by her own inadequacy,” he interrupted, expressionless. 
“She’d be suspicious, and that isn’t something you want.”
I ground my teeth in frustration. “Why are you here? I’ve done what you’ve asked. I 
smuggled in your men so they could kill the prisoners.”
“I’ve come for a different matter, King Alduin,” he said. “Currently, our sides are engaged 
on the western shore. For you—for your people—that must have been a terrible blow. It 
means, of course, that you’ve abandoned your home.”
The emotional side of me wanted to lash out at him. How dare he come in here and talk 
as if he had nothing to do with it, as if it weren’t his troops that had driven the elves out, 
but years as a political figure had trained me to keep silent and mask my expression.
“I wanted to hear it from your own lips,” he continued. “Where does your loyalty lie?”
“What do you mean? Letting you kill prisoners that have no use is one matter, but if 
you’re suggesting—even remotely—that I betray my people—”
“Not ‘betray your people.’ You already did that,” he cut in. “I’m asking if your loyalty lies 
with all of Dicathen, from the barren deserts of Darv all the way to the coasts of Sapin—
where elves are captured and sold as slaves even today—or with your kingdom, your 
people.”
I didn’t answer, and I knew he felt my hesitation.
“I will cease the attacks on all elven territories. As long as they do not attack any 
Alacryan, your people will be guaranteed safety. This extends, of course, to your wife and 
your troubled child.”
I wanted to look away from those large, strange eyes, but I found I could not.
“What do you want?” I finally asked.
“Similar to last time, I need you to grant a few of my men access into the castle—as well 
as Xyrus City.”
I laughed.
I laughed at an asura who was likely capable of wiping away my existence with a flick of 
his finger, but I couldn’t stop myself. The idea was ludicrous, absurd. Finally, my laughter 
subsided, and in its wake, the silence felt cold as a grave.
Suddenly, Agrona snapped his fingers as if he’d just remembered something. “I forgot you 
always need that little extra push, King Alduin. How about this, then—your daughter 
will die if you don’t. Not only will she die, she’ll also most likely kill quite a few people 
around her in the process.”
“W-what?”
Agrona tapped his sternum, over where a mana core would be. “You know those 
corrupted beasts that have caused so many problems for you? Well, just like them, your 
daughter’s core has been poisoned.”
Anger flared up within me and I grabbed Agrona by the collar. “What did you do to her?”
“I didn’t do anything,” he said mirthfully. “Ironic as it is, you can blame your daughter’s 
boyfriend for this.”
It took me a moment to realize what he meant. The elderwood guardian’s beast will, 
which my daughter had assimilated with—it had been poisoned… and it had poisoned her.
The strength left my hands and I released Agrona, then let myself fall back onto my chair.
“I’d give you a demonstration, but that might cause problems for our little plan. Besides, 
I think you know by now that I don’t lie.”
I shook my head, trying to force the memories out, and continued down the hallway.
I stopped in front of another room on the same floor. It was currently occupied by 
Arthur’s mother and sister. A mixture of emotions rose in me as I stared at the closed 
door. I pitied them. The Leywin family had all served at the Wall, fighting against the 
beast horde. What happened to Arthur’s father was truly unfortunate, and I pushed 
adamantly for Trodius Flamesworth’s imprisonment for his actions.
However, I couldn’t help but blame the young Lance. I had cared for him like family. He 
was so close with my father and daughter. I’d always considered his role in our lives a 
blessing and been grateful that he was there to look out for Tessia. How many times 
had he helped her?
Yet, if it wasn’t for Arthur—if he hadn’t given Tessia that core…
I rubbed my temples, letting out a shaky sigh. I could not change the past, and there 
was no purpose to lingering on my regrets.
My steps grew heavier the closer I got to the teleportation room. It was as if my boots 
were made of lead. I looked back over my shoulders every few steps, guilt and fear 
dragging me down.
The usual soldiers that stood guard on either side of the gate were absent as planned. 
It hadn’t been hard to arrange; no one was allowed to travel through the gate since 
most of the Lances were at Etistin.
Exerting mana throughout my body, I heaved open the thick iron doors. Taking one 
last look around in case anyone was nearby, I closed the doors behind me.
The circular room appeared a lot larger now that it had been emptied, with the only 
real features being a podium that held the control dock and the ancient stone arc 
carved with incomprehensible runes.
Without wasting any more time, I stepped onto the podium. My hands trembled as I 
raised them over the control panel, and for another second, I hesitated. What I did now 
would change the entire course of the war, but for me, there was no other choice but 
this.
Shutting my eyes, I pushed down on the panel. Immediately, I felt mana being sucked 
out of me, but I held firm until the runes began glowing.
A pristine golden radiance emanated from the mysterious carvings, then a multicolored light enveloped the inside of the arc to form a portal. The quiet room was filled 
with a deep hum as the ancient relic came to life.
Minutes passed, but no one arrived.
“Where is he?” I whispered, running a trembling hand through my hair as I paced back 
and forth within the room.
I continued cursing under my breath, doing anything to keep myself from thinking. I 
couldn’t think. If I did, I would only doubt myself.
No. I’m doing the right thing. For once, I was doing what was in the best interest of my 
people—my people. Agrona wasn’t wrong; humans had been capturing both elves and 
dwarves for centuries. I had almost lost my own daughter to human slavers. It 
wouldn’t matter if Agrona won the war.
I shook my head. No. No, Agrona is still a demon, I can’t forget that.
But the humans had always had the upper hand. With my father taking command of 
the war effort, I thought that would have changed, but it hadn’t. In fact, it was my father 
who had abandoned Elenoir in favor of the human kingdom.
Now I would be the one to save Elenoir. With my actions, I would keep my people safe.
Looking down at my hands, I noticed that they were still trembling. Was I just lying to 
myself? Was I just trying to justify what I was about to do?
It didn’t matter. At the very least, I needed to save Tessia. What kind of father would I 
be if I couldn’t keep my only daughter safe?
Anger and despair bubbled inside me as I realized how my emotions had been toyed 
with by Agrona’s words. He was right; Tessia was that final push I had needed.
A deep thrum drew my attention to the teleportation gate. They’re here!
Within the multi-colored glow of the gate, a silhouette came into view, slowly growing 
clearer until an actual figure stepped through. The creature was nearly seven feet tall, 
though the two serrated horns that grew from his scalp made him feel even larger. He 
scanned the room until his scarlet eyes found me.
“Are you the elf called Alduin?” the man asked in a deep, resonant voice.
I drew myself up to my full height, and said, with only a slight tremor in my voice, “Yes, 
I am.”
He held up a glass vial filled with murky green liquid.
I stepped forward and reached for the vile, which could only be the antidote to the 
corruption growing within my daughter’s mana core, but stopped short when a smoky 
black flame erupted from him.
I reeled back, suddenly afraid that Agrona would not uphold his promise. “That’s 
mine! Agrona and I had—”
His hand had closed around my neck before I even realized he’d moved. His grip 
became tighter and tighter, choking off my windpipe as he lifted me from the ground. 
“Lord Agrona has shown mercy by lowering himself to even communicate with a 
lesser like you.”
My body fought back instinctively; mana circulated through my limbs and into my 
hands as I tried to pry open his grip, but I couldn’t focus—my head swam and dark 
spots danced across my blurring vision. When he finally let go, my body buckled 
forward and I slid to the floor in a heap, gasping for breath through my aching throat.
“This Commander Virion of yours does not suspect anything, correct?”
I quickly nodded my head. “I told everyone that I’d be in charge of leading the 
evacuation of Elenoir.” My voice came out in a croaky whimper.
“Then bring your blood to this room and exit through this portal,” he stated. “I will 
have left the vial here by the time you return.”
“M-my blood?”
“What your people call ‘family,’” he said impatiently. “Also, bring Arthur Leywin’s 
mother and sister along with you.”
I stood shakily to my feet. “What? Why?”
His sharp gaze was all that was needed to drive his point home—that this wasn’t a 
negotiation.
“Okay,” I breathed, turning to leave. I pushed open the doors slightly, but stole a quick 
glance back at the creature before taking my leave. I had brought a demon into the 
very home of Dicathen’s leaders—a retainer, perhaps even a Scythe. Prying my eyes 
away from his looming figure, I stepped out of the teleportation room. “I’m sorry, 
Father.”
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“We have our orders here, General Arthur,” Varay stated, piercing me with an icy glare. 
“We are to continue engaging the Alacryan troops.”
Trying—and mostly failing—to sound respectful and calm, I said, “General Varay, 
surely you’ve noticed by now that the enemies we’re fighting can’t be the Alacryans’ 
main force. They’re disorganized, desperate, and a lot of them are even malnourished 
and downright ill!”
Varay stood firm, masking her emotions. “Have you forgotten that we are soldiers? It’s 
not up to us to decide what we do with this information. I’ve already sent an update 
to General Bairon and the Council. We will act according to their orders, but for now 
we will continue to do as we are told.”
“Then let me and my bond go back to Etistin—no, the castle. I’ll talk to Commander 
Virion and come up with a—”
“Aren’t you out here because you didn’t want the responsibility—didn’t want to make 
the tough calls?” the general cut me off. “You wanted to be a soldier because you didn’t 
want to carry the burden of making decisions.”
My mouth opened, but no sound came out. She was right. I had chosen to be here, to 
fight mindlessly and not have the weight of other people's lives on my shoulders.
I gave General Varay a stiff bow before turning to walk away.
My thoughts wandered until I found myself back at the isolated area where I had set 
up camp. There, I spotted Sylvie replenishing her mana. One eye opened slightly, 
sensing I was near. “How did it go?”
“Nothing’s changed,” I grumbled, sitting down on a large rock next to her. “We’ll 
continue fighting them.”
“Well, prisoners or not, we still can’t let them advance,” Sylvie said with a wave of 
empathy.
“But this”—I gestured to the thousands upon thousands of soldiers below, resting, and 
the thousands more out in the field, fighting—“is overkill. We have way more troops 
than necessary if all we’re up against is a horde of uncoordinated and desperate 
prisoners.”
“True,” Sylvie agreed. She got up and stretched her human limbs, then glanced at me 
slyly from the corner of her eye. “So, what are we waiting for, then?”
“What?”
“Please, Arthur,” she said, rolling her eyes. “I could read your thoughts even without 
our link. I know you’ve already decided to leave.”
Again, I found my mouth hanging open but no words spilling out. Shaking my head, I 
gave my bond a warm smile and tousled her wheat-blonde hair. “Then don’t say I didn’t 
warn you. We’re technically committing treason by disobeying orders and leaving 
during a battle.”
Sylvie’s body began glowing as her form shifted into that of a towering black dragon. 
“This isn’t the first time we’ve committed treason, and it probably won’t be the last.”
“I raised you so well,” I chuckled, hopping onto my bond’s broad back and grabbing 
hold of a black spike, my spirits lifted. Despite what I had lost, I was still surrounded 
by people I cherished dearly, and it was my duty to protect them.
We shot up into the sky, quickly clearing the hills that stretched out from Etistin Bay.
‘Did you want to stop in Etistin before making our way to the castle?’ Sylvie asked.
There’s no point. Bairon isn’t the type to listen—especially to me—and the castle severed 
all links to the other teleportation gates. The only way there is to fly, so we don’t have 
any time to lose.
I had expected General Varay might come after us, but after the first thirty minutes 
had passed, I knew we were in the clear. In the meantime, I let myself drift off to sleep, 
enjoying the peaceful, quiet journey after the chaos of battle.
Scenes of my previous life began to resurface, as they so often did now, carrying with 
them the emotions of another life. I remembered the feelings of confusion I had 
towards Lady Vera when I heard her talking about the rigged matches with that man 
in the uniform. A part of me had been angry at her for not trusting that I’d be able to 
win the matches by my own strength. I never confronted Lady Vera or asked any 
questions, even as I continued to compete in matches where my opponents would 
withdraw or yield immediately. Who was I to question my mentor’s decisions? She had 
given me a new life. Because of her training, I had the opportunity to become king.
While my pride had been hurt that Lady Vera hadn’t trusted in my abilities enough to 
let me fight squarely, I had accepted the hollow victories. Then came the day of the 
final rounds. I, along with every other contestant that had won their state’s
tournament, had traveled all the way to the capital city, Etharia, for the chance to 
become the next king.
There was no consistent schedule for when the King’s Crown competition was be held, 
though. It was purely at the discretion of the Council, who would come to a vote when 
they thought the current king wasn’t performing to their expectations. Losing a 
Paragon Duel against another country, incurring a debilitating injury, or simply getting 
too old—a vote could be called for any of these reasons.
The king before me, King Ivan, had lost an arm in his last Paragon Duel, which incited 
the King’s Crown competition I had competed in. The victor of the King’s Crown gained 
the opportunity to fight the current king, and if the challenger won, he or she would 
become the next king. If the king won, he would remain in his position until the winner 
of the next King’s Crown came to challenge him. Once the Council had deemed the king 
unfit, this vicious cycle would continue until there was a new king.
I vividly remembered the palpable tension as we waited. During the final stage of the 
King’s Crown, it was legal for contestants to deal lethal blows to their opponents; all 
of the contestants, including myself, had known that they could die that day.
The faces of those I had fought against were clear in my mind: young and old, small 
and large, every fighter at the top of their class. Most importantly to me, none of them 
had been bribed by Lady Vera to forfeit the match. I had tried to convince myself how 
great Lady Vera was, reasoning that she had purposely cleared the road of obstacles 
for me not because she didn’t trust in my abilities, but because she wanted me to be 
at my best for the final rounds.
If only I had known then what that day would entail. What would I have done 
differently if I had known the truth about Lady Vera?
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie’s voice pierced my dreams, snapping me awake just as she swerved to 
avoid a giant arc of lightning. Another arc of lightning followed, piercing through the 
clouds from below.
By this time, both Sylvie and I knew who was responsible.
“Bairon!” I roared, amplifying my voice with mana as I jumped off of Sylvie. “What is 
the meaning of this?”
A figure rose from the rolling hills of clouds below us, along with several soldiers 
mounted on giant armored birds.
“You disobey direct orders and run away from battle, then ask the meaning of my 
actions?” Bairon boomed, his voice rolling like thunder through the sky. “I advise you 
return to your post, Arthur. I will not ask nicely again.”
“Nicely?” It was Sylvie that replied, the husky voice of her draconic form dangerous 
with suppressed anger. “You attacked us from behind, throwing spells that could crush 
entire buildings—at a Lance and an asura?”
There was a moment of hesitation before Bairon answered. “We are at war, and your 
human bond has chosen to take orders rather than give them. I’m merely enforcing 
my duty to my subordinates.”
“Enough!” I snapped. “You’ve received the updates from General Varay. The enemy 
forces that we’re engaged with at the bay are all prisoners of Alacrya—half-starved 
slaves. We need to reorganize our troops and scout out the enemy’s main force 
before—”
“Those decisions are up to me and the Council to make,” Bairon interrupted, drawing 
in closer, his soldiers surrounding him. “Your opinion has been made known and will 
be considered in due time, but you’re not in a position to give anyone orders.”
My jaw clenched so hard I could hear my teeth creak, but I was more frustrated at 
myself than at Bairon. It was true that I chosen to run away. Even now, I would hesitate 
to take a position of leadership, but I couldn’t just stand by and watch as we played 
right into Agrona’s hands.
“Please stand aside. We’ll only be aiding the enemy if we spend our energy fighting 
here. Let us go to the castle. I’ll get Commander Virion’s approval as soon as I arrive if 
that’s what you want,” I said, forcing myself to calm down. “Let’s go, Sylv.”
The mounted soldiers fanned out, preparing their spells, and Bairon floated up to 
block our way, aiming a lightning-clad hand directly at us.
“I assure you that this one won’t miss, General Arthur. This is your last warning to get 
back to your post.”
“You don’t know when to quit, do you Bairon? Just like your brother,” I snarled.
Enraged, Bairon soared toward us, his entire body engulfed in lightning.
Bringing up Lucas might have been a low blow, but it was obvious that this show of 
power had less to do with me leaving my post and more to do with Bairon proving he 
was superior to me.
Sheathing myself in mana as well, I conjured an arsenal of ice lances, taking advantage 
of the moisture from the clouds below.
Sylvie unleashed a beam of pure mana from her maw, directly at Bairon, while I 
launched the ice-spears at the mounted soldiers.
The formation broke as Bairon’s soldiers swerved to avoid my spell. Bairon himself 
had to stop to defend against the wide cone of pure energy, giving us a brief window 
to break through their line.
Sylvie. Go! I grabbed hold of her leg as she flew by me, pulling us past Bairon and his 
soldiers before they could react.
As we pulled away, racing through the sky, Bairon launched his cape at us. It was a 
magic artifact, no doubt, because the cape soon dispersed into a large net composed 
of metal wires that he was able to control with his lightning.
Human form, now! I ordered.
My bond’s body shrunk to that of a little girl just as the net surrounded us. Sylvie 
formed a barrier of mana that caught the net, but it gave the other soldiers enough 
time to regroup.
‘Are we allowed to hurt them, yet?’ Sylvie asked impatiently, still keeping the lightning 
net from closing in on us.
The mounted soldiers released their spells as well, and their combined power was 
enough to put cracks in my bond’s mana barrier.
I nodded. Just don’t kill them.
Sylvie responded by conjuring dozens of mana arrows outside of her barrier and 
launching them at the soldiers, while I manipulated the clouds below us.
With a wave of an arm, I drew Dawn’s Ballad and sliced through the lightning-charged 
metal net. With Bairon distracted by the mana arrows, his artifact was easily disabled, 
and the two of us were free.
As Sylvie distracted the soldiers by launching an endless volley of mana arrows at 
them, I conjured a little present for Bairon himself.
Fashioning a compressed sphere of wind in my hand, I combined it with fire and 
lightning, creating a swirling blue fireball the size of Sylvie in her dragon form that 
crackled with trails of electricity.
Bairon retracted his net and was already preparing to defend against my attack when 
a distant flickering caught my attention.
I wasn’t the only one who noticed. Everyone stopped what they were doing as we 
stared at the source of the phenomenon, still miles away. I enhanced my eyes with 
mana and could just make out the rolling red and black waves… A jolt of shock and 
realization slammed onto me from my bond.
I turned to Sylvie to see her eyes wide in horror. She spoke aloud for everyone to hear. 
“That’s… the castle.”
MICA EARTHBORN
My senses came back to me in stages. My hearing returned first as the sounds of 
tumbling debris and burbling water found my ears. Then the heavy scent of dust and 
scorched stone filled my nose and lungs, causing me to break into a fit of coughing. As 
I shook with racking coughs, I felt the rubble pressing down on me, holding me as 
tightly as Black Diamond Vault had.
That’s also when I felt the pain. Pain is good, I told myself. Pain means I’m not dead yet.
My mouth was full of the metallic taste of my own blood. I wasn’t sure if my eyes were 
open or not, so I closed them. Opening them again, I found the world around me still 
entirely black. Reaching for my mana, I was pleasantly surprised to find it was 
depleted but not completely gone.
My mana core ached as I cast Null Gravity. It took a moment for the effects to be felt, 
but little by little, space opened up around me and I was able to shift slightly as the 
stones floated apart, no longer bound by gravity’s pull.
As space was created within the mound of demolished rock, I felt the cool sensation 
of water trickling across my arm. A sickly green light illuminated a small patch of 
floating debris as a glowing mushroom became visible.
I pushed off the ground below me, forcing my way up into the cloud of stones. They 
were still too densely packed for me to easily maneuver through them, but as they 
continued to spread out, drifting farther away from each other, I was able to redirect 
them and create a sort of path.
As I couldn’t tell which direction to go, I followed the sound of water. The crater full of 
pulverized rock was unbelievably large, but eventually I came to its edge and met solid 
stone. It must have been near where the stream originally ran, because there was a 
tiny waterfall splashing down the sheer wall and into the crater.
I pushed off the ground, letting myself float upward under the effects of Null Gravity, 
finally breaking free of the nimbus of debris. Enough of the glowing mushrooms 
survived the blast to see by. The explosion had torn though Black Diamond Vault and 
the tunnel walls, leaving a roughly spherical hole nearly thirty feet across. On the other 
side of the crater I could just barely make out the fissure leading downward to the 
Alacryan camp.
I released the spell and winced at the cacophonous crash caused by the avalanche of 
stone falling back into the crater.
Nice one, Mica. Let’s just announce to the world that we survived, shall we?
Flying to a ledge of stone, which I thought must be the tunnel we’d arrived by, I landed 
on my feet and attempted to take my full weight. I immediately had to reinforce my 
legs and back with mana lest I collapse in a quivering heap. Leaning back against the 
cool wall of the tunnel, I slid down onto my rear and released the reinforcing mana.
“So,” I said aloud in a voice as gravelly as the pit beside me, “Mica should take stock, 
yes.” I held up one finger and stared at it. My whole hand was black with dust and 
blood. “Mica is alive.” I held up a second finger. “Oberle is certainly dead, poor boy. 
Mica’s party is otherwise unaccounted for. An unknown amount of time has passed, 
though based on the feeling of dehydration it has been quite some time. It is unlikely 
that the enemy hasn’t noticed our approach.” I had raised a third, fourth, and fifth 
finger as I recited each item.
What the hell happened? I wondered.
This was an interesting thread for my tired mind to pull at, and so I sat for a long time 
and considered Oberle’s last words, the explosion, and what had triggered it. The 
Lances had all been briefed on the interrogation of the Goodsky woman and the curse 
she had been placed under, so I knew that the Alacryans possessed such capabilities.
The corrupting light, though, was unlike anything I’d experienced before. What could 
be strong enough to demolish Black Diamond Vault with a single spell? I shook my 
head, immediately regretting it as pain erupted behind my eyes.
I pushed myself into a cross-legged sitting position, forcing my back straight, and 
began refining mana within my core. I felt better immediately as the familiar activity 
calmed my nerves and took my mind away from my current situation.
“What’s that?” a cool female voice asked in a whisper, drawing me out of my meditation.
“Is that a person? A guard, maybe…” A gruff male voice responded.
“Well,” I said, opening my eyes and rising to my feet, “you’d be in trouble if Mica were 
an Alacryan watchman, wouldn’t you? Have you not yet been introduced to the tactical 
concept of a stealth approach?”
“You’re one to talk,” Hornfels responded, beaming at me. “That ruckus you made 
echoed for a mile up the tunnel. We were expecting to find every Alacryan left in Darv 
waiting for us.”
Looking over the group, I realized how tired and battle-worn they appeared. All were 
covered in grime, their faces pale with thick, dark rings under their eyes. Two were 
missing. Oberle, of course, must have been disintegrated in the explosion, but the quiet 
Jasper was also absent.
Noticing my gaze, Tetra shook her head. “We all survived the blast, thanks to you. 
Knocked around a bit from tumbling ass over kettle back down the tunnel was all.” She 
met my eye and smiled sadly. “Thank you, really.”
“What happened then?” I asked, wanting to fill in the gap while I lay unconscious 
under several tons of blasted stone.
Skarn spoke up, his voice deeper than usual, almost as if he’d been weeping. “Took us 
a minute to pull ourselves together, then we ran back to see if we could find you. We 
didn’t even have time to start shifting the rubble, though, before the first Alacryans 
showed up. Must’ve had guards at the bottom of the fissure. We fell back into the 
tunnels, fighting as we went, moving to keep from getting boxed in.”
“Those battle groups they fight in are tough nuts to crack,” added Hornfels, “but we 
had the advantage of being at home in the tunnels. Some of their spells didn’t seem 
meant for fighting down here and we were picking them off one by one.”
“One of their spellcasters was launching these electric blue motes of energy at us,” 
Tetra said, looking back down the tunnel, “which would zip through the air like 
hummingbirds, avoiding the obstacles we’d been conjuring to slow down the pursuit. 
Jasper was getting pelted with them—one must have broken through his protective 
mana—and he went down.”
“I got the bastard, though,” snarled Kobel. “Dropped half a mountain on his whole 
damned team.”
“How long since the explosion?” I asked when the others fell silent.
“Almost two days,” Skarn answered.
Two days! Plenty of time for the Alacryans to have packed up and left, or they may have 
spent the time fortifying their position and preparing for us. We wouldn’t know 
without making our way down into the grotto.
“How many of their soldiers did you kill?”
“At least twelve,” Tetra answered. “Maybe fifteen. Then they stopped pursuing and fell 
back.”
“As Mica sees it, there may be another fifteen or more mages waiting for us at the 
bottom of that fissure”—I pointed back across the crater to the crack in the wall, 
clearly outlined now by the green-blue glow within—“perhaps supported by a Scythe. 
Assuming the enemy hasn’t retreated from this position, they will certain be waiting 
for us. Personally, Mica has just had a two-day nap and feels wonderfully prepared, 
but you lot—”
“Are ready,” said Hornfels and Skarn together.
“Aye,” added Kobel. Tetra only nodded, her expression one of determination.
Ah, now that is true dwarvish grit, I thought with a grin.
Wasting no time, we picked our way across the blast zone and crawled back up the 
other side and into the crack in the wall, careful to avoid the luminous fungi growing 
everywhere. As Oberle had said, it was around three hundred yards to the bottom.
At the end of the fissure, we found a fortified position like a guard post, but there was 
no one manning it. We moved carefully out of the tunnel, using the guard post and 
natural columns that supported the high ceiling for cover.
The cave was nearly a hundred yards long and perhaps eighty yards wide. A pond filled 
nearly a third of that space, however. Tents and campfires were set up on the far side 
of the cave, while the end nearest to us contained rows of crates and barrels. The cave 
roof was fifteen yards high and entirely covered by stalactites.
Thirty Alacryan soldiers stood at attention near the center of the cave, clearly organized 
into battle groups of three. They stood still as statues, facing our end of the cave. They 
gave no sign that they’d seen us enter, however.
Looking to the roof again—in particular the hundreds of stalactites that draped from 
it—I considered sending a tremor through the grotto to knock them free, dropping a 
rain of stone down upon the unwary soldiers. Something stayed my hand though.
Why did they give up their pursuit? Why did they not dig me out of the rubble and finish 
me off? I felt like I was missing something important.
“What’s the plan here, Mica?” Skarn hissed in my ear. The others were all looking at 
me expectantly.
“Stay here. If anyone attacks, kill them all. If the Scythe appears, leave it to me.”
I crept forward as close as I could get while maintaining cover, then stepped out into 
the open. The moment I did so, the soldiers burst into motion. One mage in each group 
conjured a large rectangular shield, separating me from the line of soldiers. The others 
prepared their spells but held them, not attacking.
“I applaud your restraint,” a woman’s voice said from somewhere in the shadows to 
my right.
The speaker, a girl with long amethyst colored hair and two spiraling black horns 
jutting from her skull, stepped away from the cave wall and walked calmly to stand 
before the line of mages.
“Given your recent near-death experience, I can’t say I would be as calm if I were 
standing in your shoes. Now,” she said, her blank face becoming serious, “you are 
interrupting an essential operation. As you have yet to do any damage of real 
consequence, I am willing to let you simply leave. I will relocate my forces, and we will 
continue our labors.”
“Near-death?” I said, feigning mild surprise. “Mica appreciates the warm up, but 
assures you that she’s in perfect fighting shape—and unlike you, whoever the hell you 
are, Mica is not prepared to be so magnanimous.”
The girl cocked her head slightly to the side, looking at me with interest. “The war is 
happening far from here, General. Shouldn’t you be in Etistin, repelling the attack 
there alongside the other Lances?”
Flashing the demon-horned creature a jaunty grin, I said, “Mica will fight you Alacryan 
mages wherever you are to be found. The other Lances will handle your invasion at 
Etistin.”
“Oh, I’m afraid that’s not likely. But I see you’re set on fighting.” A black blade of pure 
mana grew from her hand, radiating dark purple light. “I will let you choose the rules 
of engagement. Shall we ask our troops—such as they are—to stand down, and 
proceed with a duel, or would you prefer a battle? The advantage of numbers is with 
me, I believe.”
“While Mica would dearly love to fight you one on one, her companions would never 
forgive her for excluding them from what is sure to be a glorious battle.” As I finished 
speaking, I focused on the stalactites above the enemy line, increasing their weight 
until they began to crack and break free of the cave roof, plunging down upon the 
Alacryans like ballista bolts.
A sphere of translucent energy appeared around the Scythe. The stalactites that struck 
the barrier disintegrated on contact.
The mages repositioned their shields, in some cases layering multiple shields one over 
another. The stone missiles punched through a few of the shields, skewering several 
soldiers, but the rest held.
With a flick of my wrist, three large slabs of stone grew from the cave floor to shelter 
me from the hail of spells that flew my way a moment later. As the enemies’ attacks 
impacted against the slabs, I felt spells begin to fly from behind me toward the 
Alacryans; my allies had released a volley of their own.
A beam of black light cut through the stone and I ducked just in time to avoid it as it 
carved from left to right, passing just over my head. The stone slabs slid apart and fell 
to the ground with a booming crash. An instant later, the three heavy blocks fell toward 
the Scythe as I twisted gravity around them.
The first struck her protective barrier directly and was almost entirely disintegrated, 
but the second and third only glanced the sphere, falling past her to crash through the 
line of soldiers, flattening two battle groups.
An orb of pure mana was forming at the end of the Scythe’s sword, but she appeared 
to be aiming past me and toward my team. Knowing I didn’t have much time, I began 
condensing gravity into small point ten feet in front of her. Sweat beaded on my 
forehead and there was a twinge of pain in my mana core as I struggled to contain the 
force building within that space. Just as she released the destructive orb, I completed 
casting Singularity.
A well of massive gravity appeared in the air in the form of a black hole in the fabric of 
reality. The orb passed through the Singularity, but the gravitational effect was strong 
enough to pull it significantly off target, so when it impacted against the far wall of the 
cavern, blooming into a ten-foot-wide disintegration field, it was far from Hornfels and 
the others.
Several of the tents ripped free of their moorings and were dragged into the gravity 
well. Water began to lift off the surface of the pond and swirl around the spell, while 
from behind me crates were sliding across the ground toward the black hole.
The Scythe seemed to be largely resisting the effect. Behind her, the mages scrambled 
to hold themselves in place. Three failed and were jerked off their feet and pulled into 
Singularity where they were crushed.
The translucent field of mana surrounding the Scythe slid away from her, moving to 
contain the black hole. The shield contracted until it was the same size and shape as 
my spell, then vanished, taking the Singularity with it. She had somehow nullified my 
magic.
Thunderous steps from behind me drew my attention to a charge from my allies. Two 
golems, each ten feet tall and wielding a massive stone axe, were barreling toward the 
enemy line. Between them, a twenty foot long snake made entirely of lava undulated 
back and forth to propel itself forward at surprising speed.
Tiny next to the towering golems, Kobel followed the charge. He had encased himself 
entirely in shining plates of volcanic glass, and all around him there was a swirling 
cloud of thin, razor-sharp blades.
A spear of ice shattered against one golem, while a ball of crackling lightning impacted 
harmlessly against the other. Several bullets of black mana punched through the 
magma-snake, but the lava simply flowed back into place as it moved forward.
Several of the remaining Alacryans, all with physical combat spells similar to an 
augmenter’s, charged forward to meet our advance. I prepared to drive them to their 
knees with Gravity Hammer but was forced to dodge a black arrow of mana projected 
by the Scythe’s sword.
The two forces crashed together. The magma-snake struck, engulfing an Alacryan 
mage. Another Alacryan, whose skin had taken on a red glow like iron pulled from the 
forge, used his bare hands to punch through the leg of one golem. The stone melted 
where he touched it and the golem crumpled. The second golem threw itself at the 
Scythe, but her mana-blade carved effortlessly through it.
Three enemy mages surrounded Kobel, snarling and hissing like beasts. The augmenter 
didn’t even slow down as he run through them, his whirling knives cutting them to 
ribbons. Four translucent shields appeared around him like a cage, preventing him 
from reaching the enemy rear line.
Seeing the Scythe turn toward him, I conjured two giant hands of stone, one from the 
floor beneath her feat, the other from the ceiling. She was lifted up into the air, but 
before the hands could crush her between them, her spherical barrier reappeared and 
the hands disintegrated where they touched it, leaving her floating in midair.
The glowing-skinned Alacryan had thrown himself onto the magma-snake. He seemed 
immune to the lava’s heat, but he couldn’t do any real damage to Tetra’s construct as 
it flowed back together as fast as he could pull it apart.
Kobel was hammering at the shields holding him in place, Skarn and Hornfels were 
attempting to reconstruct their golems—I could see the pieces fitting themselves back 
together as the golems struggled to rise—and Tetra was lashing out at the Scythe with 
her magma-snake, which grew smaller with each strike as the destructive barrier 
disintegrated the construct bit by bit.
The Scythe’s mana-sword grew, elongating and splitting into several individual beams 
and transforming into a many-tailed whip of black energy. She lashed out at the 
construct, which dissipated where the whip touched it. In the same motion, she swung 
the whip in an arc toward our end of the cave.
Each tail of the whip straightened and became a spear. The spears, each a glowing 
beam of black light alive with purple fire, flew away from her in fan pattern, punching 
through any obstruction, even the walls of the cave.
I rolled out of the way of one spear and conjured a curtain of increased gravity 
between the Scythe and my team, hoping to force the spears off course. I watched with 
horror as they passed through the curtain without slowing, then lost sight of them as 
they pierced the crates and columns where the others had taken cover.
Before me, the magma-snake, now barely half its original size, lost its form, becoming 
nothing more than a puddle of cooling lava. The glowing Alacryan howled in victory.
Twisting gravity around him, I turned the room on its side. His feet slipped out from 
under him and he slid across the rough floor, scrabbling for a handhold, until he 
plunged into the pond. The water hissed and popped as his super-heated flesh was 
submerged.
Hornfels’s and Skarn’s golems lunged toward the remaining Alacryans. One smashed 
the lightning-thrower with a huge fist and kicked at a second. The woman crumpled 
and one of the shields holding Kobel dematerialized. The second golem swung its axe 
at the mage shooting bullets of black energy, but a shield appeared over him, deflecting 
the attack.
The golem slid its axe along the panel of mana, turning the overhead blow into a 
crossing cut that bisected the shield-conjurer. Several black bullets punched through 
the golem as the surviving mage scrambled backward, but it wasn’t enough to stop the 
axe from falling on him a second time. No shield appeared to save him.
Though I didn’t see her do it, the Scythe had reformed her mana-sword. She pointed 
it at each golem in turn and released two rays of black light. Where the beams 
impacted the golems, they burst into five foot spheres of dark purple energy that 
disintegrated everything they touched, obliterating both constructs.
Seeing her third target, I shouted, “Kobel! Down!” and flew toward the Scythe, forming 
a huge granite hammer in one hand. Kobel, who had just dispatched the ice-spear 
mage, jumped aside, but it was too late.
The black beam hit him square in the chest, but, unlike with the golems, the beam 
glanced off, exploding ten feet away and killing the last two Alacryan soldiers.
I barely had time to register Kobel’s survival as I closed with the Scythe, driving my 
granite hammer, which I’d shrouded in mana, into her protective barrier. I felt the 
shimmering shield eating away at my mana. Still, I struck again and again and again, 
each time feeling the drain on my mana core.
Kobel appeared from behind her, flinging his volcanic glass blades at her back. They 
disintegrated on contact with the barrier. Skarn and Hornfels charged in on stone 
constructs similar to giant wild boars and drove into the barrier with granite lances.
The Scythe gave us just enough time to make it clear that our attacks were ineffective, 
then waved her hand. Her shield broke apart into dozens of motes of black and purple 
energy. The motes settled over Kobel, Hornfels, and Skarn like snow, then drifted 
inside each of them. All three collapsed, their magic turning to dust, leaving them 
entirely exposed.
The horned demon smiled down at me and her weapon faded away. Uncertain, I flew 
back several feet, hovering in the air. She waved toward the ground and then floated 
down until she was once again standing. I did the same, though I did not lower my 
weapon.
“Enough,” the Scythe said matter-of-factly. “We are done here for the moment. You’ve 
run out of time.”
“What did you do to the others?” I demanded, refusing to take her bait.
“The battle at Etistin is going poorly. Even now you may be too late to intervene.” She 
regarded me sadly. “This fight is over.”
“Mica can do this all day, lady. What did you do to them?”
The Scythe frowned at me, the most emotion I’d seen on her face since the battle 
began. “Cursed them, like I cursed the boy who led you here.”
Screaming like a mana beast, I lunged forward, driving my hammer at her skull. Her 
mana blade flashed, slicing through the haft of my hammer. Using Gravity Hammer, I 
tried to smash her to the ground, but she conjured a mist of the dark energy around 
her, nullifying my spell again.
Desperate, I followed up with a straight jab into her nose. Perhaps she hadn’t been 
prepared for such a mundane attack because the punch connected, snapping her head 
back. Snarling, she pushed and the mist boiled through me, sapping me of my strength.
Chest heaving, I fell to my knees. “Cheater.”
Wiping a thin trickle of blood from her nose, the Scythe regarded me, once again calm. 
“I’ve left you just enough mana to fly yourself and your friends out of here. If they are 
not more than twenty miles away in the next hour, the curse will activate and they will 
detonate. If they come within twenty miles of this place within the next week, the 
curse will activate and they will detonate. After one week, the curse will fade. Now go. 
Your friends need you.”
With no other choice, I dragged the prone forms of my companions onto one of the 
stone slabs I’d conjured earlier, tied them down with ropes from one of the destroyed 
tents, and hefted the makeshift litter using a small amount of mana to lighten the 
bundle.
“Why?” I asked simply.
The Scythe, who had watched this happen with an air of mild curiosity, shook her 
head, her long amethyst hair flowing around her. “We each have our part to play in the 
coming conflict, even if we do not yet know what that will be.”
Frowning, I turned and flew to the fissure, passing Tetra’s fallen form. I used a portion 
of my remaining mana to grow a stone sarcophagus around her. I’m sorry, Tetra, Jasper, 
Oberle. I failed you.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
“Caden, report back to General Varay. She’ll be in charge of the battle at Etistin,” Bairon 
ordered, gesturing the soldier away. He met my eyes for a second before he nodded. 
“The rest of us will head straight to the castle.”
Sylvie transformed back into her dragon form and we immediately took off. I 
manipulated the air around us, turning the winds so they blew at our back, and we 
flew toward the castle with all speed.
I tried to remain level-headed, trusting that Elder Hester, Elder Buhnd, and Virion 
were enough to deal with whoever had intruded. But the black and red flames 
billowing in the distance were an ominous sign… What if it was a retainer—or even a 
Scythe? My mother, my sister… They were supposed to be safe at the castle.
‘It’ll be okay,’ Sylvie assured me, but she couldn’t keep her worry from leaking into me.
I continued manipulating the wind, cycling mana through my body as well, preparing 
for a fight. Glancing back, I could see Bairon and the other mounted soldiers slowly 
trailing behind, unable to keep up with Sylvie, but we didn’t slow down.
Please, everyone be okay, I prayed, and then the castle was upon us.
The barrier protecting the flying fortress from the sky had been destroyed, allowing 
the raging winds to fan the dark flames.
Sylvie easily blasted a hole in the closed loading dock door and we landed inside. A 
thick cloud of oily black smoke filled the loading dock, obscuring my vision. 
Thankfully, the layer of mana I had enveloped myself in kept the harmful smoke from
entering my lungs.
“Let’s go,” I said to Sylvie, who had turned back to her human form.
Taking no chances, I ignited the dragon will inside me. Under Realmheart, my vision 
became monochrome, except for the ambient mana around me, which stood out like 
thousands of multi-colored fireflies amidst the gray smoke. With my enhanced vision 
and unparalleled mana acuity, it would be impossible for any enemies to sneak up on 
us, even through the heavy smoke and fierce winds shrieking through the openings of 
the damaged castle.
Staying close, we began our search of the collapsed rooms and dark hallways of the 
lower floors. We inched through the fractured floors, sidestepping any debris that had 
been either dislodged from the walls or fallen from the ceiling. Crashes echoed from 
above and even around us while the howling winds made it almost impossible to listen 
for any sign of a battle that we could assist in. The only thing we could do was search 
each room carefully, taking it one step at a time.
‘Over here,’ my bond called from an adjacent room.
Inside, I found Sylvie on the ground, hunched over what seemed to be a person partly 
buried underneath a mountain of rubble. My chest immediately clenched and panic 
clawed at my stomach, but Sylvie reassured me that it wasn’t anyone we knew.
After we shifted some of the rubble, it became clear that the unfortunate elf had been 
one of the few remaining guards at the castle.
I rubbed the bridge of my nose, embarrassed and frustrated at how fragile my current 
mental state was. After taking a moment to compose myself, I inspected the corpse. 
Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that the fallen mage had died by fire, but I 
couldn’t see any burn marks on the guard’s uniform. I lifted away a section of cloth 
and chain-mail to examine the flesh beneath.
‘What is it?’
“There aren’t any burn marks.”
“He died from fire?” she said aloud, surprised.
Hearing another crash in the distance, I got up. “Come on, let’s keep moving.”
We continued down the hall, scouring every room in the lower floors, searching for 
anyone that might still be alive. All we had found were corpses, all burned to death, 
yet bearing no wounds to show for it.
‘I don’t understand. Perhaps it’s a fire that burns from the inside?’ Sylvie suggested.
It doesn’t matter at this point. All we need to know is that our opponent uses a fire that 
doesn’t actually burn the victims physically, I sent back, lifting a fallen wall that blocked 
our path.
With the stairs nearly unusable from the destruction, Sylvie and I climbed up through 
the levels of the castle via the many holes in the ceilings and floors. Despite my 
Realmheart Physique’s ability to spot even the smallest fluctuations in mana, we were 
tense. My chest contracted in anxiety every time we found a corpse, and I felt a burst 
of shame at my relief each time we verified it wasn’t anyone we knew well.
After searching several floors, Sylvie and I came across signs of a large battle. Intricate 
spears of stone jutted from the floor and walls and earthen golems lay shattered on 
the ground.
‘This… ’
Yeah, I know, I interrupted, signaling for her to keep close.
Because of the mana coalesced into the rock spears and conjured soldiers, it took a 
while to finally find the source of the spells.
I knelt down in front of the elderly dwarf, my hand on his neck, trying to find a pulse. 
He stirred at my touch and let out a harsh cough.
“Elder Buhnd!” I exclaimed. I fashioned the ground beneath him into a chair, sitting 
him up so he didn’t choke on his own blood.
I turned to my bond. “Sylv!”
“On it.” She hunched down, laying her hands on my mentor’s chest. A soft light emitted 
from her palms, passing through the dwarf’s clothes and skin.
After ten painstaking minutes of life aether being transmitted into Elder Buhnd, we 
finally got another reaction.
“Elder Buhnd—hey, come on, stay with me,” I said gently, patting his cheek as the 
dwarf furrowed his brows.
“Arth… ur?” His eyes opened but shut again after a few seconds.
“Yes! It’s Arthur. What happened? Who did this to you?”
He let out a pained groan. “You gotta… get out of here, kid.”
“Don’t talk like that, Buhnd!” I snapped, my nerves getting the better of me. “Tell me 
the situation. I need to know what we’re going up against.”
Buhnd tugged on my tunic, pulling me close. “Listen, you fool. The castle, the Council—
it’s finished. If you want to do something for Dicathen, then run! Stay alive.”
“Okay, okay. I’ll be careful, but to do that, I need to know what happened. Was it a 
retainer? A Scythe? What sort of magic could do this?”
Feeling Buhnd’s grip loosening as his strength left him, I turned to my bond. “Sylvie, 
what’s happening? Why isn’t he getting better?”
Sylvie’s arms trembled and beads of sweat dripped down from her face. “I don’t know, 
but I can’t keep this up.”
I took a step back, inspecting the injured dwarf. Like all of the other corpses we had 
passed, his body was riddled with motes of red mana. The wisps of purple that Sylvie 
had emitted into his body were currently combating whatever fire spell was eating 
away at his life, but the aether wasn’t healing him. No, it was keeping the spell under 
control, but the fire spell seemed able to multiply and was spreading fast.
My frustrated boiled out of me as a guttural yell, and I smashing one of the stone spikes 
that Buhnd had conjured. Kneeling back down in front of the dying dwarf, I grabbed 
his hand.
Once Sylvie stopped emitting her healing magic, Buhnd would start dying again, and 
my bond knew that as well.
Buhnd put his large hand over mine, squeezing it gently. “I-it’s okay.”
Though it seemed to take every ounce of strength he had left, Buhnd pried open his 
eyes once more and turned his gaze to Sylvie. “Little asura, can you keep this up for 
just another minute? I—I think that’ll be enough to tell you what you need to know.”
My bond nodded, her brows furrowed in concentration.
Ignoring the tears rolling down my cheeks, I pressed my forehead against Elder 
Buhnd’s. “May you be at peace, wherever you are.”
The concept of religion had always eluded me, both in this life and my previous one. 
But as more of my loved ones died, I found myself wishing that I was wrong, that there 
truly was an all-powerful god and an afterlife where everyone I knew would be at 
peace, waiting for the rest of us. At the very least, I hoped that they would meet a 
similar fate as I, reincarnated into a different world to live a new life. If that was the 
case, though, I hoped they would be spared the memories of their past life.
“I’m sorry, Arthur,” my bond whispered, putting a hand on my back.
I shook my head. “It’s not your fault.”
After spending a few minutes conjuring an earthen tomb worthy of an individual such 
as Elder Buhndemog Lonuid, the two of us moved on.
My dwarven mentor had told me what little he knew about our opponent, which 
Buhnd had confirmed to be a Scythe. Apparently, he wielded a smoky black fire that 
corrupted whatever it came in contact with. It seemed like another deviant form of 
magic, like the black metal spikes that Uto was able to conjure or the black poison the 
witch was able to use.
Elder Hester and Kathyln had left for the Wall before the Scythe had infiltrated the 
castle, but Alduin and Merial Eralith, along with Tessia and my family, were nowhere 
to be found when all of this had happened.
It was somewhat of a relief that they weren’t here, but another part of me was even 
more anxious. Questions filled my head: If they did escape, where did they go? How did 
they know that they would be attacked? Or was their timely disappearance just a 
coincidence?
‘I know it’s hard, but you shouldn’t think about all of that right now.’ My bond was 
worried, and I could feel her doing her best to keep me in the moment. ‘Take this one 
step at a time. We’ll get through this together, Arthur.’
I gave her a terse nod. I was grateful that she had been with me throughout everything 
that I had gone through. I couldn’t imagine where I would be if I hadn’t had her at my 
side, and she knew that.
The idea of someone knowing almost every thought and emotion that crossed my 
mind would’ve been disconcerting to me if I didn’t realize how grateful for it I was. 
Maybe it was just because it was Sylvie, and not someone else, but I was thankful for 
the link that I had with her.
‘Arthur!’ my bond called out.
Yeah, I know. I saw the mana fluctuation nearby. Even without Realmheart, it’d be 
impossible not to sense the power being brought to bear.
Bairon’s currently engaging with the Scythe, I thought, seeing the deviant magic move 
through the atmosphere.
‘What should we do?’
I’m going in. Stay behind and cover me with mana shields.
I withdrew Dawn’s Ballad from my dimension ring and coalesced mana through my 
limbs. I could feel the warmth as the runes running down my arms, legs, and back 
glowed with golden light. Strength steeled every fiber of my body as I dug my heel into 
the floor.
I knew that using Burst Step would strain my body, but with my experience fighting 
against Agrona’s personal soldiers, I knew that I had to end it fast if I wanted any 
chance at winning.
‘Okay. Go!’ Sylvie signaled, layering mana around my body.
I willed the mana to flow down my legs, timed to the millisecond to maximize the burst 
of strength that I’d receive.
The world blurred around me as I took a single, mana-enhanced step, and my eyes and 
brain struggled to collect, translate, and sort the influx of images. If my reflexes 
weren’t heightened through the usage of internal lightning magic, I would be more 
likely to kill myself by running into a wall than actually hurt my enemy.
Ignoring the searing pain that ate away at my lower body, I dashed forth, honing in on 
the towering Scythe.
No!
I slid to a halt, my body groaning in protest at the sudden cancelation of Burst Step.
The jagged tip of my teal sword hovered inches away from the Scythe’s throat.
I stared at the Scythe, a flurry of emotions emerging as he looked down at me with an 
amused expression.
“You’ve grown.”
I heard Bairon’s voice scream at me from behind but couldn’t register what he was 
saying over the blood pounding in my ears.
I tightened my grip around Dawn’s Ballad, unable to pry my eyes away from the 
piercing red glare of the Scythe standing in front of me.
From the two serrated horns curled underneath his ears and the bloody cape that 
mirrored his bright red eyes, it was unmistakable: It was him.
It was the Scythe that had killed Sylvia.
My time with Sylvia flashed through my mind, and I relived the months I spent with 
her in an instant. The bond that had formed between us had been greater than the 
sum of our days together; to a grown man born into the body of an infant, Sylvia had 
become my solace. In front of her, I could truly act like myself, and to her—even 
combining my age from both lives—I was still just a child.
To this day, one of my biggest regrets was leaving Sylvia. I was young and weak then, 
but I still thought about it—what would’ve happened if I had stayed. Would she be 
alive today? Would she still be with me now?
At first, I wanted nothing more than to get revenge for her. The message she had 
imparted onto me about enjoying this life did little to dampen the rage I felt towards 
the demonic being responsible for her death. However, as time passed, the thirst for 
vengeance had slowly dissipated.
At the back of my mind, as I trained in the dungeons, went to school, especially when 
I went to Epheotus, I knew it was all put into motion by my hurried flight from Sylvia’s 
cavern. Being suddenly reminded of that, however, I felt a stronger sense of guilt than 
anger.
I was more angry at myself, for how little I thought about Sylvia these days, than I was 
angry at the Scythe in front of me—the one responsible for Sylvia’s death.
“It’s you,” I seethed, gripping the hilt of my sword to keep my hands steady. “That night! 
You were the one that—”
Movement behind the Scythe caught my eye, and I realized that I had been so focused 
on the Scythe I hadn’t noticed what was around me. Near the far wall, Virion’s prone 
form—deathly pale and motionless— lay sprawled over a pile of rubble. Bairon sat 
next to him, flitting in and out of consciousness.
“They’re alive, for now,” the Scythe said conversationally, seemingly unfazed by Dawn’s 
Ballad hovering just under his sharp chin. I infused the blade with an aura of wind and 
frost, but the Scythe continued to calmly study me, like one might study an interesting 
cloud or an unusual rock. “It’s impressive to see you wielding mana to such a proficient 
degree, even if it was due to Lady Syl—”
His body blurred a few feet away, dodging the elemental blast released from my blade 
with inhuman speed and precision. The castle rumbled in protest as its manareinforced walls cracked and splintered.
“Don’t you dare say her name,” I growled, preparing to strike again.
Tendrils of mana coiled around me, their intensity mirroring my emotions. The 
ground underneath me crumbled from the pressure as I swung once more, drawing a 
teal arc in the air.
My opponent stood still though, letting my blade slice right through him—or so I 
thought.
The gash that my sword had made through his neck smoldered in flames before 
closing the wound as if it didn’t exist.
Through Realmheart, I was able to tell that he was manipulating his black flames to 
such a high degree that he could become almost intangible, like smoke.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie called out through our telepathic link, just arriving.
Sylv! Help Virion! I ordered, my gaze shifting back and forth between Tessia’s 
grandfather and the Scythe standing just a few feet in front of me.
‘What about you? You can’t beat him alone!’ she replied.
Virion’s going to die if you leave him like that!
Wanting to keep the Scythe’s attention on me, I sprang into a flurry of attacks, not just 
with my sword but every element I had in my arsenal. I launched blades of wind, bolts 
of lightning, blasts of blue fire, but nothing seemed to hurt him.
After a moment of hesitation, Sylvie ran towards Virion and Bairon.
All I could think of was to stall for time while my bond healed the others. I weaved 
mana around my hand to ignite an icy white flame, which I spun into an inferno around 
us, then let the flames freeze solid, encasing the Scythe into a tomb of ice. His burning 
eyes followed me through the three feet of ice, and his expression remained arrogant, 
nonchalant.
With a yell, I discharged a ray of lightning at my frozen opponent, pouring energy and 
power into the spell until the entire room was covered in an icy mist.
If it hadn’t been for Realmheart, I wouldn’t have seen the Scythe strike directly at my 
face.
I dodged, cursing in my head.
Each previous fight against one of the retainers had left me and Sylvie almost dead. 
The fight against Uto would’ve killed us if it hadn’t been for the Scythe, Seris. But this 
time was different. Even against a Scythe, godlike beings able to use mana arts known 
only to asuras of the basilisk clans, I was holding my own.
Dodging the Scythe’s fire-clad fist, however, made me realize that he seemed to be 
holding back. I didn’t have time to consider why, only to accept that it was true and 
attempt to capitalize on it.
The world shifted from monochrome into its negative version as I ignited Static Void, 
stopping time. I ignored the painful stress caused by using the ability and repositioned 
myself so I was behind him.
I knew this wasn’t enough though. It didn’t matter if he couldn’t dodge my attack—he 
didn’t need to.
The mana particles in the atmosphere had all been colorless, unable to be used within 
the void of frozen time, which made the purple motes of aether stand out all the more.
Lady Myre had told me that, while I could sense aether due to my affinity for all four 
elements, I might never be able to consciously control them outside of the borrowed 
power of Static Void.
Running out of time and ideas, I tried anyway. As crazy as it sounded, I called out to 
the floating specks of aether to help me somehow. I shouted, I pleaded, I prayed within 
the frozen realm and just when I thought nothing would work, some of the particles 
began congregating around Dawn’s Ballad, coating its blade in a thin purple aura.
Afraid that this power would soon dissipate, I immediately released Static Void and 
swung my aether-clad blade.
Despite stopping time, the Scythe seemed to know exactly where I was, as if expecting 
that I would use Static Void.
What he didn’t expect, however, was that my next attack would be infused in aether.
Dawn’s Ballad flashed in a purple crescent. The very fabric of space seemed to warp 
around my blade as it passed through the Scythe, leaving a large, hollow gash. His look 
of indifference turned sour as he grunted in pain. He clasped his chest, and blood burst 
out between his fingers.
Just from that one attack, my mind swam and my arms felt heavy. A chilling pain 
radiated from my mana core, but I was able to lift my sword just in time to block a 
strike from a hand clad in black flames.
The Scythe gripped Dawn’s Ballad in his blazing hand, glaring at me with eyes full of 
hate and black fire.
I tried to pull my sword free of his grasp, but I didn’t have the strength. I could only 
watch as the black fire spread from the Scythe’s hand onto Dawn’s Ballad and the 
bright teal blade dulled and turned gray. Once the black flames had engulfed the blade, 
it shattered in the Scythe’s hand.
“That is for the injury,” he said quietly, his voice venomous.
I stepped away, putting some distance between us as I gripped the broken hilt of my 
beloved sword.
The Scythe didn’t pursue. Instead, he turned to where Sylvie, Bairon, and Virion were. 
“Your aether arts aren’t strong enough to heal their wounds yet, Lady Sylvie.”
“Shut up!” I snapped, conjuring and condensing multiple layers of ice to craft a sword.
“While I’m confident that I’ll be able to defeat you, I fear this castle will collapse in the 
process of doing so,” he stated, glancing sideways at me. “Relinquish this fortress and 
I will retrieve the soulfire currently eating away at their lives.”
My body tensed, unwilling to believe him. “You’re just going to let us go?”
I was sure Sylvie and I could hold our own against him, but a prolonged battle would 
mean certain death for Virion and Bairon.
“I have already completed my task here, and it has been a long time since a lesser 
managed to wound me.”
‘Arthur. He’s right. I can’t heal them and I used up a lot of strength earlier trying to save 
Elder Buhnd.’
Despite my bond’s words, I didn’t lower my guard. With Realmheart still ignited and 
my conjured sword of ice poised to strike at the Scythe, I asked him the only question 
that really mattered: “Are Princess Tessia Eralith, Alice Leywin, and Eleanor Leywin 
still alive?”
The Scythe’s predatory smile sent chills down my spine. “The princess, along with 
your mother and sister, are safe. You’ll find out more at the appropriate time—if you 
choose to accept my offer.”
The ice sword dissipated and I released Realmheart. His words settled on my 
shoulders with the weight of the collapsing castle, nearly driving me to my knees. My 
greatest fear had been realized. My loved ones had been taken, tools to be used against 
me in this war, and it was entirely my fault
“W-where are they? What have you done to them?” I meant it to be a command, but 
my voice came out as a whimper.
“It’s not my place to tell you,” he said, turning from me and walking toward Virion and 
Bairon.
I flew in silence next to Sylvie, who was carrying Virion and Bairon on her scaled back. 
The castle got smaller and smaller behind us as we abandoned its crumbling remains, 
defeated.
‘Arthur, your family is going to be okay,’ Sylvie assured me, her thoughts gentle and 
consoling.
I clenched my fists to keep them from trembling. I have to save them, Sylv. No matter 
what, I can’t let what happened to my father happen to Mom, to… to Ellie.
‘I know. We’re going to do everything we can.’
We made camp in a remote area a few miles northeast of Etistin by the Sehz River. The 
sight of us—two Lances and the commander—in the state we were in would create 
mass panic.
I built a fire and conjured a stone tent for shelter while Sylvie began healing Virion and 
Bairon again. After about an hour or so, the worst of the damage had been undone, 
and they were able to rest peacefully. Sylvie and I sat next to each other in front of the 
fire, lost in the flame’s dance.
On the surface, all seemed to be calm, but underneath I was a churning, wild, angry 
mess of emotions. Sitting and doing nothing but waiting ate away at me, but we were 
both at a loss.
Neither of us said anything for a long time. The sun had set; our camp was lit only by 
the fire’s flickering orange light. I prodded at it with a stick, not because I had to, but 
because I would go crazy if I wasn’t doing something.
“What do we do now?” Sylvie asked quietly, reading my thoughts.
“Find Tess, Ellie, and my mom,” I answered.
My bond turned to me, her bright topaz eyes reflecting the light from the fire. I could 
feel her uncertainty, and, despite her best efforts to keep her thoughts from leaking 
out, I could hear the question she wanted to ask: ‘Is the war over?’
It was nearly impossible to lie to someone when you shared each other’s feelings and 
could hear each other’s thoughts. Between us was a cobweb of jumbled emotions, and 
it was difficult to tell where my thoughts ended and hers began.
Before I could think of a reply, a pained groan drew our attention, and we were both 
relieved to have a distraction.
It was Virion. He rubbed his head for a moment before bolting up to his feet. A sinister 
aura enveloped him as he ignited his beast will, his eyes darting around us, looking for 
danger.
“Virion. Virion! It’s okay,” I said, my arms held up before me.
Disoriented, the commander took a moment to inspect our surroundings before 
finally realizing we weren’t at the castle.
“What… what happened—the Scythe!” he gasped. “My son! Tessia! Buhnd!” He reached 
out and grabbed my collar with one hand, his face a mask of panic. “We have to help 
them!”
I wrapped my arms around Virion, hugging him tight. He struggled, trying to break 
free from my grasp, frantically telling me that we needed to go back.
Once he’d expended the little energy he had, Virion dropped the first phase of his beast 
will. And once he had calmed down, Virion wept. The commander, the very pillar of 
Dicathen, broke down completely.
I thought about Sylvie’s unasked question as I embraced Virion, tears overflowing 
from my eyes as well.
It sure felt like it was over. It felt like the Alacryans had won. Not only did it feel like 
they had won, it felt like Agrona had outplayed us at every turn. I had been so 
arrogant…
What was a mere two mortal lifetimes of experience when compared to an ancient 
asura’s lifetime of intellect and wisdom?
“Here.” Lady Vera took a seat beside me, opening a bottle of water and handing it to 
me. “Drink this and try to calm down.”
I tipped the bottle back and chugged the clear, cool liquid. A soothing sensation spread 
through me, and immediately, my worries, jitters, and accumulated stresses faded 
away. I held the bottle up, reading the label.
“Is something wrong with the water?” she asked, worried.
“No, I feel better now, thank you,” I said, taking another drink.
“Good, keep drinking. When you finish it, do some breathing exercises. At this point, 
we need to keep your body and mind in top shape.”
I stared blankly at Lady Vera—my sponsor, teacher, and mentor—someone akin to an 
older sister to me. She looked back, smiling in that confident manner that made me 
feel so safe being at her side.
“You’re almost there, Grey. Just win one more duel and you’ll be the heir apparent until 
you’re of age to take on the title of king,” she said, leaning in close. “With your skill and 
talent, this tournament is only a stepping stone for greater things.”
“You’re right.”
I steeled myself, thinking back to Director Wilbeck. It still enraged me how quickly her 
case had been closed despite the clear evidence that she’d been murdered. It made me 
suspect that something was going on, but in order to confirm this and get to the 
bottom of everything, I would need the authority of a king. With the backing of the 
Etharian Council, I could launch a full investigation, find whoever was responsible, and 
make sure they faced justice.
“You know that my home country of Trayden and Etharia are allies, but that alliance 
has been somewhat strained as of late. I have faith that you’ll become a great king that 
truly bridges the divide between our two countries, Grey.”
The thought of being solely responsible for rebuilding relations between two entire 
countries made my stomach queasy as my nerves flared again. “You really think so? 
Even with my background?”
“Your background? You are a member of the Warbridge family, as am I, and do not 
forget it.” Despite her severe tone, her expression softened into a warm smile. “I’ll 
make sure no one doubts it, not even you.”
My chest tightened and tears threatened to surface. Swallowing and sitting up straight, 
I felt a newfound determination. “Thank you, Lady Vera. I won’t let you down.”
“Of course you won't.” She placed a firm hand on my shoulder. “You’ve guessed by now 
who your final opponent is going to be, right?”
My hands tightened into fists. “Of course.”
Cecilia. I hadn’t believed it when I first saw her enter the arena. She’d disappeared for 
weeks, then suddenly there she was, stepping into the arena as a contestant for the 
King’s Crown. My first thought then had actually been about Nico. Had he known? I 
had tried to speak with Cecilia, but they weren’t letting anyone near her. Then I got to 
see what she could do first-hand.
“I know she’s an old friend and you two grew up together, but don’t forget that she 
cast everything aside for this. Forget the rumors; no one has forced her to fight—and 
with her powers, no one can.”
Just as she finished speaking, Lady Vera’s phone chimed.
“Hello? What!” She glanced at me. “Okay, I’ll be there soon,” she finished, her voice stern.
“Sorry, Grey, a business partner of mine is here, and I need to run outside to meet him. 
Be sure to finish that water—and focus on calming yourself.”
I held up the water bottle. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.”
With a tight nod, Lady Vera began speaking again to whoever was on the other side of 
the phone. As she reached for the door to exit my personal waiting room, the door 
swung open, surprising both of us.
“Watch it!” Lady Vera growled at the man, who turned out to be a janitor pulling a 
cleaning cart.
The thin, bearded man bowed hurriedly before stepping out of the way. “My apologies.”
Clicking her tongue, Lady Vera stepped forward to take a closer look at the janitor but 
was distracted by something said through her phone.
“I’ll be right there! I want footage pulled up from all angles!” she snapped as she 
disappeared through the door.
The janitor let the door close, then walked toward me, his head still lowered, face 
hidden beneath his navy cap.
“You really should be more careful, sir,” I warned. “There are a lot of important people 
in these halls, people that you don’t want to accidentally anger.”
The janitor didn’t speak. Instead, he looked straight at me and he ripped off his thick, 
grizzled beard. Then the janitor’s features began to warp slightly, revealing a face that 
couldn’t have been more familiar.
“N-Nic—”
The janitor—or rather, my old friend, Nico, disguised as a janitor—clasped his palm 
over my mouth. “Don’t speak too loudly.”
His hand remained until he was sure I had understood.
“Where have you been? You look terrible—that fake beard… is it an altering artifact? 
Aren’t those illegal?” My voice was quiet, but my tone was manic, and I couldn’t keep 
from rambling.
Nico ignored me as his eyes darted around the room. It was obvious that the past few 
months had not been easy for him; his face was thin, his lips cracked, and his hair 
disheveled. He clearly hadn’t been taking care of himself.
“We don’t have much time before your match against Cecilia,” he said, fumbling 
through the sanitation cart before pulling out a palm-sized device. “I need you to listen 
to this right now.”
I pushed the device away. “What is going on, Nico? I know you’re worried about Cecilia, 
but you’ve been ignoring me for the past four months and now you march in here right 
before my match and distract me like this? What are you trying to do?”
“Please,” he asked, desperation evident in his voice. “Just listen.”
I knew I shouldn’t. Nico had been my friend—my best friend—but he was also madly 
in love with Cecilia, who I was going to duel in less than an hour. But I took one earbud 
from him and put it in my ear. Nico copied me with the second earbud. He pressed play 
on his device.
“Is this… Lady Vera?” I asked, hearing her voice through the small speaker in my ear.
He urged me to continue listening and so I did. As the audio clips continued, it became 
harder and harder to keep listening.
“Bullshit,” I spat, pulling the earbud from my ear. “Plans to capture Cecilia during this 
tournament? What sort of sick joke is this? What are you playing at, Nico?”
“It’s not a joke—how could I ever joke about Cecilia?” he asked, tears shining in his 
tired eyes. “I know Lady Vera has been good to you, but this is why. Everything was for 
this day.”
“What have you been doing these past few months? Have you gone crazy?”
Nico pulled up his sleeves and pant legs, showing deep red scars that ran around his 
wrists and ankles. “This is where I’ve been these past few months, Grey. I’ve been 
locked up by our own government, because I was trying to break her out of the facility 
she’s been held in. I’ve been starved and tortured—but I escaped. Since then I’ve been 
gathering evidence around Vera Warbridge to—to get you to help me.”
My eyes widened and I shook my head. “No. No, you’re lying. It makes no sense. First 
of all, why would Lady Vera need to take Cecilia? Trayden and Etharia are allies!”
“She’s so strong now, Grey. Whoever has control over Cecilia—or what the Traydens 
refer to as ‘the legacy’—would be able to exert incredible pressure on both 
governments.”
I was shaken by the familiar term: the legacy. That man had called Cecilia the legacy 
as he was torturing me. But I never told Nico that.
“Okay, then how do I play into this? Why would Lady Vera need me specifically, rather 
than any other candidate for king? The Warbridges have sponsored a bunch of other 
candidates from powerful families.”
“The Etharian government has been confining Cecilia for her own protection. The only 
time she appears in public is during the tournaments,” he responded immediately. 
“Lady Vera needed you because you’re an orphan. There are strict rules as to who is 
allowed into the King’s Crown tournaments, especially in the final rounds. Lady Vera 
was only allowed in here because she’s your legal guardian.”
I mulled over his words for a moment, lost in thought. It was true that there weren’t 
many spectators at these events, and Lady Vera had needed to go outside to meet with 
this business partner. Could any of it be real?
A sudden knock on the door made both of us jump.
“Candidate Grey? I’m one of the facilitators here. Lady Vera Warbridge has asked for 
me to check up on you,” a gruff voice said from the other side of the door.
I looked at Nico. He looked back with wide eyes, his entire body trembling.
“I’m fine. Please let her know that I don’t want to be disturbed until it’s time for the 
duel,” I replied loudly.
The facilitator acknowledged my words and dismissed himself, but Nico and I waited 
a few more minutes before moving. I peeked out the door to make sure no one was 
outside before turning back to Nico. “Look, it’s obvious you’ve been through a lot. I’m 
not going to turn you in, but I can’t believe you. You need to get out of here.”
“Grey,” Nico said, making my name sound like a prayer, “I’m begging you. I’ve got a plan 
in motion, but I need your help if we’re going to escape with Cecilia!”
“Escape with Cecilia?” I echoed. “Do you even hear yourself right now? We’re 
competing against each other for the King’s Crown! You’re telling me to throw that all 
away because you think there’s some sort of crazy conspiracy going on right now? I 
saw Cecilia’s last fight; she’s completely fine and healthy!”
“You don’t know what the Warbridge family is going to do to Cecilia once they get their 
hands on her!” he cried desperately, starting to fumble through his pockets. “Look! I 
didn’t want to show you this but this has to prove it.”
I snatched the crumpled picture from his shaking hand, still skeptical of his words 
until I saw who was in the picture. While blurry and hastily taken, there was no doubt 
it was Lady Vera talking to a man with a scar running down his face.
“Do you remember him? He’s the one that tried to kidnap Cecilia!” Nico said, pointing 
frantically at the blurry, scarred man.
“That can’t be… no, it’s not. Listen, Nico, this is too blurry to tell. I won’t—I can’t 
discount everything Lady Vera has done for me because of one blurry photo,” I 
responded, handing the photo back to him. Despite my words, I knew the picture 
showed Lady Vera next to the man who had attempted to kidnap Cecilia. But saying it 
out loud would mean—what, exactly?
My hands trembled and my heart thrashed against my ribcage. I needed water.
I fumbled with the cap of the clear bottle and took a long drink. Instantly, I could feel 
myself calming down, feeling better—stronger, more clear-headed.
Lady Vera was right. I needed to take care of my body, to stay hydrated. Taking a deep 
breath, I turned to Nico. “If any of what you’ve said to me today is a lie, you could be 
sentenced to life in prison. If it’s true, and anyone finds out, then you’ll likely be killed 
instead. As a friend, I’ll pretend this never happened, but you’re out of your mind if 
you think I’m going to participate.”
Nico fell to his knees, looking up at me in desperation. “Grey! Please—”
“I’ll help you, Headmaster Wilbeck, and Cecilia by doing what I’ve been working for all 
this time—by becoming king.” I turned away, walking towards the door. “Now if you’ll 
excuse me, my match is about to start.”
The referee—a slim, middle-aged man with a well-trimmed gray beard—was dressed 
in a formal black suit. He kept his hands behind his back as he spoke. “Will the two 
finalists step up onto the stage?”
The sound of my footsteps seemed strangely amplified as I ascended the short 
stairway leading onto the square dueling platform, and I could hear her footsteps from 
the other side of the platform, just a half-step behind mine, like an echo. The limited 
audience allowed to be present had been quieted and were now anxiously waiting for 
the duel to begin.
Using a breathing technique that Lady Vera had taught me, I calmed myself as I 
stepped up onto the reinforced platform. However, watching as my opponent and old 
friend stepped onto the platform opposite me, I couldn’t help but shudder.
The very air around her seemed to be charged, and my skin tingled uncomfortably. I 
peered at her and realized there was a visible aura of pure ki around her. It was 
stunning. Could a weapon even penetrate ki condensed in such a way?
At that moment it became clear how outclassed I was. No one in this tournament ever 
had a chance to defeat her and become the next king. Cecilia seemed to know that; she 
absolutely radiated confidence. She was paler than the last time I’d seen her—more 
sickly—and the dark bags under her eyes hinted at how tired she was, but her 
demeanor was all arrogance.
“In honor of the competition, the two finalists will pay their respects to the reigning 
king of Etharia, King Ivan Craft,” the referee announced, gesturing towards the highest 
podium.
I bowed deeply in the traditional manner before turning back to my opponent. Cecilia, 
on the other hand, barely dipped her head before turning her gaze to me.
For a moment, time seemed to slow. Nico’s words echoed in my mind, shaking my 
already-diminished confidence. Nico had said from the beginning that Cecilia had 
been captured by our own government, but I couldn’t believe him. Cecilia looked as if 
she’d chosen to leave him in order to pursue the kingship—exactly like I had done.
The referee stepped between the two of us. “Finalists. Show your respects to one 
another.”
He walked back and I bowed in respect, as was traditional, but Cecilia kept her chin 
high and looked down at me. The referee ignored it and signaled for us to ready our 
weapons.
I unsheathed my weapon with a flourish, drawing confidence from the noise it made 
as it cut through the air around me, then stopped with its gleaming tip pointed directly 
at Cecilia. I readied my mind for battle, focusing all of my attention on her—she was 
just another opponent I had to defeat.
Cecilia’s expression remained unchanged as she raised an empty hand in a simple, 
elegant gesture. The ki weapon that formed was flawless in detail, and its manifestation 
had been near-instant.
There was a chorus of stifled gasps and murmurs from the audience. I didn’t blame 
them; it was impressive as hell. The referee maintained his professionalism, though, 
displaying no change in attitude as he signaled the technicians to raise the ki barrier.
As soon as the translucent dome fully encased the arena, the referee swung down his 
hand. “Let the duel commence!”
Throwing aside the hesitation clouding my mind, I burst forward, brandishing my kiclad sword, but jerked to a halt mid-dash. Every fiber in my body screamed at me not 
to get any closer to Cecilia, though she remained unmoving.
I switched tactics, choosing instead to carefully circle around her. A bead of sweat 
rolled down the side of my face.
Two things happened near-instantaneously. First, a grimace crossed Cecilia’s pale 
face. Second, she released a flurry of piercing ki strikes with one stroke.
My eyes widened in shock. Whether by luck or instinct, I managed to weave through 
Cecilia’s casual onslaught as scores of piercing strikes were projected from her ki 
weapon, inching closer with every parry and dodge, until I was in range to strike.
I feinted with a downward cut before pivoting and spinning behind her, catching 
Cecilia across the back of her knees with a wide slash. The attack should have caused 
her legs to buckle, but instead a sharp wave of pain ran down my arm.
“Weak,” Cecilia muttered under her breath.
I refused to let her goad me into doing something stupid. Repositioning myself, I 
struck Cecilia with a quick series of sweeping attacks faster than the eye could follow.
But I couldn’t pierce the thick shroud of ki enveloping her tiny body.
Cecilia responded, stabbing her translucent rapier down at my feet.
Though I dodged her rapier easily enough, I wasn’t ready for the reinforced ground to 
shatter from the impact of Cecilia’s strike, sending tremors through the floor and 
throwing up a cloud of dust all around us. Before I could react, her hand grabbed my 
wrist and anchored me in place with a strength that seemed impossible for such a 
small body.
“I had expected more from you, Grey,” Cecilia said with an air of disappointment. “I 
know how hard you’ve trained, what you’ve sacrificed. It’s not enough.”
“Shut it!” I spat, jerking my hand free from her grasp. Nico’s statements about Cecilia 
being held against her will and being forced to compete seemed like total bullshit at 
this point. Her attitude was just like those self-important candidates from affluent 
families, except she had more ki in her little toe than most of the other candidates had 
in their whole bodies.
I moved away from the dissipating cloud of dust just in time to duck under a blast of 
pure ki. The barrier surrounding the dueling arena trembled from the impact, and the 
referee’s eyes went wide in surprise.
Moments later, Cecilia shot forward, both hands gripping her ki weapon, poised to 
strike. I dodged the thrust, but the aura surrounding her ki weapon was sharp enough 
to leave a deep cut across the side of my neck, drawing blood.
Cecilia moved in a flurry, her glowing blade turning into an indistinguishable blur of 
light as she recklessly attacked me.
Each time I parried her ki weapon, sparks flew and chips appeared along the length of 
my blade, even though I was reinforcing it with ki. I knew I couldn’t keep that up 
forever, or my weapon would disintegrate in my hand, so I relied on my own body to 
avoid her blows instead. I ducked, spun, weaved, and pivoted at a speed that only I 
could pull off with such accuracy and timing. Her attacks were monstrously strong and 
fast, but her swordplay wasn’t on the same level as mine.
Suddenly, Cecilia’s weapon blinked out of sight as she positioned her now-empty palm 
directly in my face.
Once again, my body screamed at me that I was in danger, and I reacted by grabbing 
her outstretched arm and pulling it away while leveraging it to position myself to her 
side.
A cone of glowing energy was released from Cecilia’s open palm, right where I once 
stood.
“You’ve gotten fast, I’ll admit,” she said, her tone casual, as if this were merely a 
training bout.
Cecilia’s ki-clad elbow struck directly at my sternum, launching me several feet 
backwards and knocking the wind out of me.
While I was still lying flat on my back, my mouth opening and closing like a fish out of 
water as I tried desperately to suck in air, Cecilia came sprinting towards me with a 
newly-formed ki weapon in her hand.
I desperately tried to reach for my sword, but it was a few inches out of reach. I clawed 
at the ground, trying to drag my aching body to my only chance at coming out of this 
alive, but it was already too late. Cecilia’s shadow swept over me and I could see the 
glimmer of her weapon.
There was nothing more I could do except close my eyes and wait for the blow that 
would end the match—perhaps even end my life.
But the pain never came. Cecilia’s ki-sword buried itself into the ground inches away 
from my face, and the impact once again destroyed the reinforced flooring beneath 
me, sending a shockwave of pain through my body.
Cecilia’s hard eyes peered into my own. “That’s once that you would’ve died.”
“Enough!” I yelled. I threw a ki-infused punch at her knee, which she dodged, but the 
force of my blow had thrown her off balance and carried me far enough to grab my 
sword. With one hand, I shoved myself away from the ground, turning and using the 
momentum to deliver a back-hand strike to Cecilia’s waist, channeling every ounce of 
ki I could muster. My blade couldn’t cut through the protective shroud of ki wrapped 
around her, but the force did manage to knock her aside.
Cecilia twisted her body, pirouetting back into her ready stance with a confident 
smirk. It was a look I’d never seen on her kindly face before. Nico really was delusional 
if he thought everything had been forced onto her by the government.
I gripped the sword in my right hand, withdrawing the ki that had been protecting my 
body. If I wanted to defeat her, I wouldn’t be able to do so by wasting my precious ki 
on defense.
Noticing this, Cecilia withdrew her weapon, letting the glowing rapier fizzle out of 
existence.
She settled into an offensive stance and gestured for me to come. She didn’t say 
anything, but she didn’t need to. She didn’t even see me as a threat, igniting in me an 
anger and newfound determination to defeat her at all cost.
Letting out a roar, I imbued ki to my legs in explosive pulses, matching it to my stride. 
I reached her in three steps at a speed that caught even her by surprise. I swung my 
sword upward, hoping to at least throw her off balance, but Cecilia stood still and let 
her ki barrier soak up the brunt of my attack.
Her hand, coated in a thick layer of ki, clamped down on the sharp edges of my 
reinforced blade.
She pulled on the sword, pulling me along with it, and slapped me across the face with 
the back of her hand.
I had managed to protect my face at the last second, but I was still sent tumbling to the 
ground. Getting back up on my feet, I was immediately met with a barrage of attacks 
from Cecilia as she swung my own sword at me.
“We’ve both worked for this,” Cecilia said, her voice low and distant, “but I’m just the 
better contender. If I have to leave you and Nico behind to achieve my goal, I will.”
The mention of Nico’s name brought forth another explosive wave of anger. Despite 
how crazy his conclusions had been, he had done everything because he cared about 
Cecilia—loved her even.
“Shut up!” I roared. Enveloping my hand in ki, I sidestepped her next downward 
slash—the end of her attack pattern—and parried the blade so it would get buried in 
the ground.
Even with my chipped sword, the ki she had imbued around it was a strong enough 
attack to split the reinforced flooring and get stuck.
I immediately followed up with a powerful punch across her jaw and another just 
below her ribs.
My knuckles felt like they had hit a concrete wall, but the blow made Cecilia stagger 
for just an instant, which was enough time for me to wrench my sword free of the 
ground.
At that exact moment, an explosion rocked the arena, surrounding the entire dueling 
platform in clouds of dust and debris. The translucent barrier surrounding the dueling 
arena quivered, flickered, then disappeared. A chorus of screams and shouts washed 
over me, followed by the cloud of dust.
The referee, momentarily distracted by the commotion, turned to us, waving at us to 
stop the duel.
I stood still for a moment, confused, but a flicker of movement out of the corner of my 
eye drew my attention back to Cecilia.
“This duel isn’t over!” she cried out as she dashed towards me.
She let loose with a flurry of swings and thrusts with her newly-formed ki weapon, 
unleashing sharp crescents of energy that bombarded the ground around me, gouging 
divots into the floor and causing even more dust and debris to fly into the air.
Gripping my sword with both hands, I infused the remaining ki I had left into its blade 
and prayed for it to endure one more attack. Within the smokescreen of dust 
obscuring my vision, I saw only Cecilia’s faint shadow, leaping through the air.
I let out a primal roar, raising my sword and driving its sharpened tip straight into 
Cecilia’s shadowy figure with all of my might, clenching my jaw against the impact, 
expecting my sword to smash into her ki shield. The recoil never came. Instead I 
watched as my sword slid deep into Cecilia’s chest.
I felt her weight falling into me, her hot blood running down my hands and arms. She 
was pressed to me, the hilt of my sword between us, her thin arms wrapped around 
me like an embrace.
Very quiet, her breath ragged and bubbling, she said, “I’m sorry, Grey. This… was the… 
only way.”
I let go of my sword and felt the hilt press into my sternum as she sagged against me. 
“W-what—why?”
“As long as… I live… Nico will be… imprisoned—used against me.”
I stumbled back, and Cecilia fell on top of me. To my horror, the blade sunk deeper into 
her and she let out a pained gasp.
“No… no, this can’t be…”I sputtered, unable to form the rest of the sentence as I choked 
back the sobs forming in my throat.
I held her in my arms until she stopped breathing and fell limp.
“No! How? What have you done?” Lady Vera screamed from somewhere nearby.
I turned my head towards the sound of the voice. The dust had started to clear, and I 
could make out two figures, one male and one female. Both were in military armor, 
faces covered by cloth masks. However, the male had taken off his goggles, revealing 
two different colored eyes.
In any other situation, perhaps I would’ve reacted differently. I had just found one of 
the men responsible for Headmaster Wilbeck’s death. I had also just heard Lady Vera’s 
unmistakable voice and was sure that, behind the mask of the female assailant beside 
him, I would see her face as well.
Nico had been right, but that didn’t matter to me right now. I had killed a friend. Not 
only that, I had killed the woman my best friend loved.
The world seemed silent as I watched the assassin with one brown eye and one green 
eye try to pull Lady Vera away and escape.
The referee and the judges frantically made their way towards us while the guards ran 
around shouting orders and threatening people, trying to control the mayhem.
And then, near the entrance to the arena, I saw Nico as his expression crumpled in 
horror and despair.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Long after the sun had set and night crept in, bringing a bitter chill along with it, I sat 
mindlessly by the fire. Above me, the stars, so similar to those of my previous world, 
glimmered like crystal dust across the horizon.
Virion had eventually fallen back asleep. His body was in a severely weakened state 
and his mana core had been on the cusp of shattering. Bairon still hadn’t woken up. 
His injuries from the Scythe were much more severe than I had originally guessed.
Hours must’ve passed since I had last moved from my seat. After the anger had fizzled 
out, the plans to save my family and Tess—the plans for revenge and justice—had all 
faded away, drawn into a thoughtless void.
So I sat on the ground, running my fingers idly through the soft dirt beneath me, no 
idea where to go from here. The Alacryans now had control over the castle—and with 
it, the ability to access the rest of the teleportation gates throughout the entire 
continent. It didn’t take a genius to guess that they would assault Xyrus City next, then 
proceed across the continent, slowly destroying the forces of Dicathen. The Lances 
were scattered, sure to be picked off one at a time. Considering Virion’s current state, 
we didn’t even have a leader. Once the Lances fell, the people would be defenseless.
Leaves crunched behind me. Sylvie had come out from the earthen shelter, but one 
glance was all it took for me to realize that it wasn’t my bond, despite her physical 
form.
“Let’s take a walk, shall we?” she said, and her voice was the same, but the cadence 
and pitch were alien.
Powerless, out of ideas, and at the edge of hope, there was nothing I could do but 
follow. For five minutes we walked, accompanied only by the snapping of twigs and 
the crunch of foliage under our feet. The myriad emotions within me congealed into a 
single black thought: This is the creature responsible for it all—all the misery, all the 
deaths. I wished then that I could reach out and pull Agrona from Sylvie’s small form, 
wrap my hands around his throat, and squeeze…
“Whew!” Sylvie huffed, taking a seat on a fallen log. “Controlling this body even for 
simple things like walking is hard work.”
I fell to my knees before the ruler of Alacrya, the leader of the Vritra Clan.
Sylvie’s face contorted into an expression of surprise and frustration, then quickly 
relaxed. “My, what an unexpected turn of events. Has the hero, the once mighty king, 
admitted defeat?”
“Agrona, you’ve made your point. Please, let Tessia and my family go.” I wanted to 
project my confidence, my rage… I wanted to make it a threat, but it came out a plea.
“Why?”
I dug my fingers into the dirt. “Because I accept your deal. I’ll remove myself from this 
war.”
Agrona chortled, lifting Sylvie’s delicate hand to cover her mouth. Her topaz eyes 
twinkled in delight. “You think our deal still stands, Grey? You were the only 
unpredictable variable, the only being on Dicathen that had even the slightest chance 
of hindering me, but as you said yourself, I’ve made my point. Even you—with all of 
your inherent gifts and advantages—only amounted to this,” Agrona snarled, suddenly 
agitated. “The very fact that you haven’t even told your bond that I’m able to possess 
her body tells me that you were always expecting to lose, right from the very 
beginning.”
“Then what… what do you want?” I demanded. “Why did you go through all this 
trouble to talk again?”
“Again, asking questions I have no obligation to answer.” Agrona’s expressions on 
Sylvie’s face were so foreign that I had trouble reading them. Was that a look of 
concern? Were his brows knit in worry? I couldn’t tell. “I don’t expect to have the 
pleasure of meeting like this again, so… goodbye.”
“W-wait, what about my—”
Sylvie slumped forward, unconscious.
Screaming, I slammed a mana-clad fist into the ground. The resulting boom crashed 
through the quiet forest like thunder, and dozens of birds burst into flight from the 
surrounding trees.
“A-Arthur?” Sylvie moaned, weary and disoriented. “What’s going on?”
I let the mental barrier, which I had been honing and fortifying specifically to shield 
Sylvie from the knowledge of Agrona’s power over her, fall, allowing my bond to read 
my thoughts and memories unobstructed.
“Ever since you broke the seal that Sylvia had placed on you, Agrona has been able to 
take over your consciousness for short periods of time.”
Sylvie’s expression transitioned quickly from confusion, to fear, to disgust. Her mouth 
opened, as if to ask me a question, then snapped closed when she had found the 
answer in my mind.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you.”
Standing shakily, Sylvie walked slowly over to me. Her thoughts and emotions were 
hidden from me. Since I was still on my knees, we stood face to face. Her right hand 
came up and slapped me across the cheek with inhuman force, nearly knocking me 
backwards. The blow would have broken a normal person’s neck.
“There. We’re even now.” Sylvie leaned forward, wrapping her arms around my neck 
and burying her face into my shoulder.
I gripped my bond back tightly, so afraid to lose her as well. I was grateful when she 
let me back in, let me feel what she felt, so I could know she didn’t hate me for what 
I’d done.
Not only had I lost the battle, I had fallen to my knees before my enemy and begged. 
Sylvie understood the anger, guilt, sorrow, and humiliation burning me up from the 
inside, just like all those other poor souls who died in the castle. Yet, the very fact that 
I could share these feelings with Sylvie, and that she accepted them, was enough for 
me to move forward.
When Sylvie and I had eventually returned to our camp, we stayed together outside, 
guarding the shelter that Bairon and Virion were sleeping in. At some point I must’ve 
fallen asleep as well, because Sylvie had to prod me mentally, telling me to wake up. 
My eyes snapped open and I jumped up, only to see Virion and Bairon having a heated 
argument with Sylvie’s small human body interposed between them.
“We have to go back! Our troops need us, Commander!” Bairon growled, wobbling 
slightly as he struggled to stay upright.
“And do what?” Virion snapped. “It’s too late.” The commander leaned against the 
earthen tent for support. His eyes turned towards me, noticing that I was awake. 
“Good. Arthur, we should get ready to leave.”
“Leave? Where?” I asked, confused.
“Our commander says that the war is lost,” Bairon cut in, his voice dripping with 
condescension. “It seems as though his injury from fighting the Scythe has rendered 
him incapable of leading.”
Virion pierced the Lance with a menacing glare. “The war is lost, Bairon. With the 
castle in their hands, they have access to all the teleportation gates throughout the 
entire continent. It’s only a matter of time before they’re able to figure out how to fully 
control it.”
“So what did you have in mind?” I asked.
“Camus, Buhnd, Hester, and I—along with a few other trusted friends—constructed a 
shelter where we could take refuge if the war went poorly… Though, I don’t think any 
of us ever expected an outcome like this.”
The thought of Elder Buhnd sent a sharp wave of remorse through my gut, but I 
swallowed it. Buhnd had always wanted to retire and rest; maybe where he was now, 
he would be able to do that.
“Where is it?” I asked.
“You can’t be serious,” Bairon interrupted. “You are a Lance. We have a duty to uphold, 
for the sake of our people. Are we going to abandon them—leave them all to die?”
“We’re not abandoning anyone!” Virion’s tone took on some of his old authority. “But 
if we charge blindly back into the battle, and any one of us dies, we would leave no 
hope for the future!”
“The future…” Sylvie echoed.
“Yes! The future. We need to recuperate if we want a chance to take back Dicathen,” 
Virion said seriously.
Bairon’s shoulders slumped, and, for the first time, I saw the Lance let his mantle of 
authority and power fall, and he seemed so fragile and vulnerable. “So… there’s 
nothing we can do right now to win this war?”
“We need to stay alive and gather the Lances,” Virion replied, giving Bairon a fatherly, 
understanding look. “It’s the best chance we’ve got.”
‘What do you think we should do?’ Sylvie asked, knowing that my thoughts were still 
filled with Tessia and my family.
Steeling myself for the arguments I knew would come, I said, “Sylvie and I will take the 
two of you to wherever this secret shelter is, but after that we’re going to look for my 
mom, my sister, and Tess.”
“Arthur…” Virion’s voice was hollow, pained. His eyes shone with tears, though I was 
surprised he had any left to shed. I saw in those eyes the fear and despair that 
threatened to overrun me, but, as it had with Sylvie, sharing these emotions only 
hardened my resolve.
I held up my hand, showing Virion the plain silver ring that Vincent had given me. My 
mother still wore its twin. “This is an artifact connected with a ring that my mother 
has. I know she’s still alive—I can feel it—and I won’t abandon her to the Vritra.”
The truth was, my mother could have taken her ring off at any time, or it could have 
been removed by force. With the constant threat of death, I had started removing my 
own when I went to battle since my parents had been engaged in their own battles. 
There were also the Phoenix Wyrm pendants my mother and Ellie both wore, which 
would protect them from even a killing blow, though it would only work once.
“I need to do this,” I said, “but I’m not going to disappear. I’ll direct any Dicathians I 
meet back to the shelter, and I will learn everything I can about what the Alacryans 
are up to.”
“I understand,” Virion whispered, closing his eyes.
Quietly, I got to work, collapsing the earthen shelter and erasing all signs that we had 
ever stopped here.
“So, where is this shelter, Commander Virion?” Bairon asked.
Virion grabbed a stick and proceeded to draw a rough map of Dicathen in the dirt, 
indicating our position with a circle. “The refuge that we had found is near the southern 
coast of Darv, just along the Grand Mountains—”
“Found?” I cut in. “I thought you said you and the elders had built it.”
“We found a cave system—by all appearances, man-made. We built on top of it and hid 
it more thoroughly.”
“Well, how are we going to traverse the near-thousand miles it’ll take to reach this 
shelter? We can’t fly; it’s too dangerous.” Bairon was staring down at the map, his 
shoulders drooping again.
“You’re right, but it’ll be just as risky to try and take a teleportation gate to a city within 
Darv. We could fly only at night—”
“How about this,” I cut in again. Borrowing Virion’s stick, I drew a jagged line running 
through Sapin. “We’re about an hour’s hike away from the Sehz River, which flows all 
the way down through Darv and into the ocean. We can keep to the river until nightfall, 
then travel the rest by sky.”
“There are cities built along the Sehz though,” Sylvie countered. “Won’t we be a bit 
noticeable traveling on the water?”
“Who said anything about traveling on the water?”
“This is fascinating,” Virion marveled, watching the aquatic animals and mana beasts 
pass by from the top of Sylvie’s back as we surged through the water. I was busy
concentrating on the multiple layers of spells I had to continually manage in order to 
make our underwater journey possible.
I had to create two pockets of air, one over Sylvie’s back to allow Virion, Bairon, and I 
to breath and stay dry, and another around Sylvie’s head. While we weren’t submerged 
deep enough to have to worry about the water pressure, it did mean that keeping the 
air pockets stable was quite a bit harder.
To speed our journey, I was using water magic to push us faster, and Sylvie had 
fashioned a fin made of mana that connected to the end of her tail. It might not have 
been as fast as flying, but we were making great distance.
Though Virion seemed to be enjoying this new mode of transportation, the same 
couldn’t be said of Bairon. The poor Lance was latched so tightly to Sylvie’s back that, 
even through her tough scales, she complained to me about the pain.
“How did you even think of such an idea as traveling underwater?” Virion asked, 
twisting left and right to see everything around us. For a moment, I was able to see the 
old Virion, the man I had grown up with back when I had first shown up in Elenoir 
with Tessia.
“Did you forget that I’m pretty smart?” I teased, avoiding his question.
After the initial amazement had worn off, we settled into a brooding silence. Aside 
from the occasional diversion up to the surface so I could refill our air bubbles, there 
was little to distract us from our own thoughts, and the underwater atmosphere 
functioned like an isolation chamber, filtering out the noise of the world around us 
and amplifying our own internal voices.
The water around us grew dark as soon as the sun started its descent. Once I was 
confident we could fly unseen, I signaled for Sylvie to take off. There was a peculiar 
moment where the air bubbles maintained their shape after we left the river, billowing 
around us in the wind as they shed the last droplets of water that clung to them before 
I withdrew my mana, letting them disperse with a faint pop.
Will you be okay flying with them on your back? I asked Sylvie, sliding off of her scales 
and soaring through the air beside her. Virion and Bairon were still barely able to use 
mana after their fight against the Scythe and would tire quickly if they had to fly under 
their own power.
‘I’ll manage,’ she replied, beating her powerful wings to accelerate.
Below us, the shadowy landscape began turning into desert as we crossed over the 
border into Darv. I took one last look back, trying not to think about the battles going 
on throughout Sapin and Elenoir, and the chaos our troops were facing as they were 
suddenly left without their commander.
“Here! We have to land here!” Virion suddenly called out as we flew over the vast 
deserts of Darv.
“There’s nothing here though!” Bairon argued, his head turning left and right.
I looked around, shielding my eyes from the sharp gusts of wind, but below us were 
just a few odd boulders and lots and lots of sand.
It had been easier to navigate above the clouds, as we could map our relative location 
using the various peaks of the Grand Mountains as our compass, but now it was 
impossible to see the range of mountains, or much of anything else, because of the 
sand-laden winds. It would have been nearly impossible to navigate if not for the 
pearlescent shrouds of mana I kept around Virion, Bairon, and myself to protect from 
the wind and sand.
Sylvie descended, taking Virion and Bairon to the ground, and I followed behind.
“Flying through that was… tough,” Sylvie muttered after switching to her human form. 
She wore all black as usual, but her scales had formed into a thick shawl that covered 
most of her face and body to combat the harsh winds.
“You did well, Lady Sylvie,” Virion said, peering through the swirling sands. “It’s nearly 
impossible to fly this far south with the powerful winds here.
“Perhaps for mana beasts,” Sylvie replied flatly.
“Ah—Of course. My apologies…” Virion muttered, still scouring the area around us.
“So where is this refuge of yours?” I asked.
Virion pointed at a tall column of stone I hadn’t noticed previously. “We have to head 
over there.”
“That thing?” Bairon pointed, squinting to see it. “It’s a bit conspicuous for a hidden 
shelter, isn’t it?”
“That thing isn’t the shelter, it’s the landmark Buhnd made to mark the shelter’s 
location,” Virion corrected, bending forward against the wind and walking toward the 
standing stone.
Once close enough to see the pillar properly, Virion pointed to a deep gash in its center 
and said, “We start from here. With your heel against the pillar, we take 35,651 steps 
forward.”
Bairon, Sylvie, and I exchanged glances before looking back to Virion. “Really? This is 
the only way to find the shelter?”
“For now, yes,” Virion answered. “The shelter itself branches off into various tunnels 
that haven’t been explored, though, so I’m hoping that more entrances may be 
discovered.”
Sylvie looked from the pillar to Virion. “If this is the only way to get to the shelter, it’ll 
be almost impossible to bring normal civilians here discreetly.”
Sylvie was right. If we could only bring a few people to the shelter, there was no point.
I could tell that Virion realized this too. He turned away, gazing in the direction we 
were expected to walk.
“Well, we’ve come all this way. Let’s go to this shelter first, then we can talk about 
logistics,” I suggested, resting a hand on Virion’s shoulder. “Lead the way, Gramps.”
It was a rough journey. Virion walked heel to toe while I kept count, so we couldn’t fly 
or use any shortcuts. Under normal circumstances, such a trip would have required 
significant preparation. However, for a group consisting of two Lances, a silver core 
mage, and an asura, we were able to get by. Our mana-barriers kept us safe from the 
cold desert air and sharp winds, and we were able to draw fresh water from the 
atmosphere when we grew thirsty.
“I can take over from here, Commander,” Bairon said. Virion had just taken step 10,968.
“No. Your feet are larger,” I pointed out. “It’ll throw us off.”
Bairon glared at me, but I ignored him and signaled for Virion to continue walking. We 
travelled in silence. Sylvie even blocked her mental link so she wouldn’t accidentally 
break my concentration with her thoughts—or perhaps so she wouldn’t have to hear 
me monotonously counting numbers in my head.
Though the journey was long and tedious, I found the counting to be meditative; I 
cleared my mind of all else and focused on keeping track of our steps.
We did stop every few hours so that Virion and Bairon could stretch and rest. They 
were still recovering, and, while their bodies had healed, both men seemed somewhat 
diminished, and the trek through the sands was taxing. The sand pulled at our feet, 
and the wind always seemed against us, regardless of the direction we faced.
Sylvie had checked on the state of their damaged mana cores early on in the journey, 
but it seemed like the only way they’d be able to recover would be by giving them time 
to rest. Virion seemed to have come to terms with his injuries, but Bairon’s frustration 
with his limitations was clear; the Lance kept pushing himself to manipulate mana, 
infusing his legs with mana to better withstand our long march through the sand and 
keeping his own mana shroud up, yet a constant litany of frustrated curses followed 
us as we marched. Though both Bairon and Virion tried, neither of them were able to 
utilize elemental magic.
After another ten thousand steps, Virion’s pace was faltering, and the old elf started to 
shiver.
“Virion,” I said firmly, gripping his arm and sending a wave of heat through his body. 
His cheeks immediately reddened as the blood rushed back to his pale face. “Let me 
know when you’re getting cold.”
“T-thank you,” he replied with a weary smile. “And don’t worry, I’m tougher than I look, 
brat.”
I watched as he walked on. His once broad shoulders seemed so narrow and weak as 
he hunched forward. For the first time in my memory, Virion appeared old.
So continued our long, slow march through the desert, illuminated only by the pale 
moon and stars. We couldn’t even cast a light for fear that a Scythe or retainer might 
be nearby. Though it felt as though we would never reach our destination, finally, I 
reached the last number.
“We’re here,” I announced skeptically. Around us was only sand, as far as my mana-
enhanced vision could see.
Bairon, Sylvie, and I all looked at Virion. Our commander was bent over, holding out a 
white, pentagonal medallion and sweeping it back and forth.
“What is that?”
“I’m not sure exactly, but we found several of these inside the castle when we first 
discovered it. It seems to be a relic from the mages of the past,” Virion answered, not 
taking his eyes off the sandy ground.
“You mean the same ancient mages that had built both the floating city of Xyrus as well 
as the castle?” Bairon asked, glancing around us nervously.
Virion nodded and continued to walk in circles, waving the white medallion in his 
hand as if it were a magnifying glass.
I’d heard about these ancient mages now and again. Many of the previous artifacts that 
helped the Dicathen civilization grow came from the ancient mages. It’s safe to say 
that, without the teleportation gates and the mana-rich atmosphere of the floating city 
of Xyrus, most of Dicathen’s lands would’ve remained untamed.
Many artificers and researchers believed that the ancient mages had either discovered 
the technology to transport themselves to another world, or had wiped themselves 
out while conducting a large-scale experiment of some sort. Based on the lack of 
evidence supporting either of these theories, most of Dicathen’s scholars had more or 
less given up on finding out what had happened to our ancestors, according to what 
I’d read.
Virion had been at it for quite some time, and Bairon, Sylvie, and I were growing 
restless. The old elf let out a frustrated grunt and turned back to us. “It’s not here.”
“What do you mean it’s not here?” I asked, en edge of frustration creeping into my 
voice. “You said that taking 35,651 steps straight while facing away from that gash on 
the pillar would lead us to the shelter.”
“I know what I said!” he snapped.
“Then what do we do?” I knew Virion was just trying to do what he thought best by 
relocating to this shelter, but I couldn’t help but chafe at the wasted time spent 
trudging through the desert when I should be searching for my family.
“I don’t think we have a choice. We’ll have to start over again,” Virion said, his voice 
falling and his eyes turning away, staring back the way we had come.
“No,” I said forcefully, my patience at its limit. “We just wasted the better half of a day 
counting our footsteps because you wanted to find this shelter. There has to be another 
way to get in.”
“Well there isn’t!” he shot back, walking towards me, his eyes suddenly blazing. “You 
think I want to be out here after my entire family was taken from me? Huh? If it was 
solely up to what I want, I’d be marching with my men to face the Scythe and die in 
battle—then, at least I would feel like I’d done what I could to avenge them. But that’s 
not what a leader does, Arthur. When everyone else has given up, I’m the one that has 
to hold onto a semblance of hope, and fight for the future!”
He stabbed a gaunt finger into my chest. “So don’t you dare say this is what I ‘want.’”
I stood there, speechless, as Virion walked away. Bairon’s expression mirrored my 
own, and even the howling winds seemed to fall quiet.
“Wait,” Sylvie said, breaking the silence. She turned to me. “I noticed this earlier, but I 
couldn’t quite figure out what I was feeling. I think the artifact that Virion is holding 
influences aether. Arthur, can you activate Realmheart?”
I did as she asked, eager to try anything if it would prevent us from having to take this 
arduous hike again. Igniting Sylvia’s dragon will, I felt a sharp pain spread out of my 
core and through my body and limbs from the backlash of overusing my mana during 
my battle with the Scythe. However, as my vision shifted to monochrome and specks 
of color began lighting up the world around me, I felt a jolt of excitement. Amidst the 
tiny motes of yellow, green, blue, red, and purple, I found something in the distance.
We must’ve shifted off course during our hike here; several hundred yards to my left, 
there was a cluster of purple aether that shone like a beacon.
“Sylvie, you absolute genius! I found it. I found it!” I grinned around at them like a fool, 
my frustration and anger washed away in an instant.
Sylvie’s eyes brightened at my words and thoughts. She immediately transformed into 
her draconic form and plucked both Virion and Bairon from the ground with her front 
claws.
I flew ahead, just above the ground, the speed of my passage leaving a furrow in the 
sand below me. It took only moments to reach the circular array of purple motes.
“It’s here,” I said, pointing directly to the center of the array.
Virion disentangled himself from Sylvie’s claws and hurriedly scrambled to me, 
holding the artifact tightly as he placed it over the sand. A look of relief passed over 
his face, as if he had just set down a great weight.
“You’re right. This is the place,” he said, looking at the white medallion on top of the 
sand.
Bairon arrived too, his brow raised in doubt. “Nothing is happen—”
The medallion began to vibrate. Its vibrations caused pulsating waves in the sand 
around it, spreading several yards out in all directions. The pulses got stronger until 
the rolling sand formed small waves.
Sylvie and I exchanged wary glances, but before we could do any more, the ground 
below us sank and we fell through the sand.
Instinctively, I shrouded myself in a sphere of wind, keeping the sand away as I gently 
floated down to the ground. Sylvie did something similar, enveloping herself in a black 
sphere that protected her and slowed her descent.
Virion and Bairon, with their cores damaged and their magic largely unusable, didn’t 
fare as well. Virion was at the epicenter of our descent and so slid down the large 
mountain of sand that had accumulated below him. He ended up sitting on his rump 
on the floor, dirty but uninjured. Bairon, despite his lightning-enhanced reflexes, fell 
several yards before striking the mountain of sand, then bounced down head over 
heels. He yelled desperately, then must have got a mouthful of sand, because he broke 
out into a fit of choked coughing.
He flailed his arms like a drowning puppy for several moments before he realized he 
was on solid ground. Virion shook his head while Sylvie, who had emerged from her 
black sphere, turned away to hide her laughter.
Bairon spat out a mouthful of sand while glaring daggers at me. “You! Should a Lance 
be so selfish as to leave his—his commander to plunge down into unknown dangers 
like that?”
“I was in no danger, Bairon,” Virion countered, dusting the sand off of his robe. “Now 
quit playing in the sand like a child.”
Bairon’s cheeks flushed in embarrassment, and he quickly bolted up to his feet, wiping 
his sandy mouth and tongue on his sleeve as he coughed. Despite his spiteful glare, 
Bairon and I both knew that he couldn’t do anything about it. With the state he was in 
right now, I could destroy him with a snap of my fingers—not that I’d want to, of 
course.
“Arthur,” Sylvie said, her voice echoing slightly. “Look around.”
Her words brought my attention back to the mysterious underground tunnel we were 
in. Although there were no visible sources of light, it was surprisingly easy to see.
“Are those glowing symbols runes? I’ve never seen anything like them,” Bairon 
wondered aloud, his hand hovering over a rune that pulsed with faint light. “They 
must be runes, but I don’t sense any fire or lightning affinity mana around them.”
Sylvie brushed her hand over the runes, which seemed too perfect to be engraved by 
hand. “That’s because it isn’t powered by mana.”
“What?” Bairon said, his brows furrowed in confusion. “That’s impossible.”
“No, she’s right,” I said, activating Realmheart Physique once more. Sylvie’s thoughts 
had leaked into mine and I just had to verify it for myself. To my utter amazement, the 
entire cave lit up like a starry night, bathing the area in purple. “It’s powered by 
aether.”
My mind spun as I tried to make sense of this revelation. I ran through the conversation 
I’d had with Sylvie’s grandmother, Lady Myre, in my head. Everything she had told me 
about aether being an entity that couldn’t be manipulated like mana—but rather, 
influenced or coaxed into action—seemed directly contrary to what I could see in 
front of me. If aether wasn’t something that could be confined and used, then what 
were we looking at? It seemed clear as day that someone or something had figured 
out how to do so.
“Let’s keep going,” Virion announced, taking the lead. “There’s more of this down 
here.”
Prying my eyes away from the runes, we continued to walk. Much like in the desert 
above us, the air here was dry and stale. The only sounds came from our footsteps 
echoing through the tunnel. The floors were smooth and polished, and the ceiling 
above us rose as we made our way down the hallway, soon reaching so high that it 
became lost in darkness.
Despite Virion’s familiarity with this place, I couldn’t help but be cautious. My eyes 
darted left and right, looking for anything odd, but, except for the unusually high 
concentration of aether gathered here, there was nothing dangerous that I could 
sense.
‘You’re feeling uneasy here as well,’ Sylvie noted, sticking close to me.
I think it’s just because of all the aether here, and the runes… I thought aether only 
influenced time, space, and life?
‘I suspect that the walls aren’t just made of stone but some sort of living thing,’ she 
responded.
I carefully touched the walls for the first time and realized that Sylvie was right. It 
wasn’t stone as I had assumed; it felt more like a smooth tree trunk.
So aether is giving this tree life?
‘Your guess is as good as mine at this point. I may be able to utilize aether, but you can 
see the ambient mana; I have to go by my gut feeling.’
The straight passage seemed to go on forever, with no end in sight.
“How far away are we from reaching the actual shelter?” Bairon asked, sounding tired 
and impatient.
“I’m not sure. It hasn’t been long since we arrived. Be patient,” Virion replied.
Bairon’s eyes widened. “Not long? Commander, it feels like I’ve been walking for nearly 
the entire day!”
“Bairon, aren’t you exaggerating? I’ve got over a hundred years on you, and I’m also 
without mana right now, and I feel fine,” Virion argued.
He was right; Bairon might’ve been exaggerating, but it did feel like I had been walking 
for quite some time. Yet, Virion—the weakest amongst us—seemed to be doing just 
fine.
Sylvie, how long have you been walking for? I asked, activating Realmheart again.
‘Not more than an hour—wait, a few hours have passed for you?’ she asked, reading my 
thoughts.
Can you try utilizing aether?
Picking up on my intentions, she replied, ‘But I can’t use it to control time.’
I know. I don’t think you have to, though.
Taking a deep breath, Sylvie began calling upon the ambient aether. Her body glowed 
with the faint purple light she gave off while using vivum to heal herself and her allies.
Immediately, a surreal sensation akin to falling in a dream tugged at my body—and 
then, as if I had really woken up, an indescribable clarity spread through my vision.
‘Arthur, look behind you,’ Sylvie said, shaken.
I looked back down the hallway; we had traveled barely thirty steps from the cavern 
we had arrived in.
Noticing that I had stopped, Bairon turned around as well. He immediately tensed, 
taking an involuntary step backwards. “Th-that’s impossible. I’ve been walking for 
hours. How—what is going on?” Bairon demanded, turning back around and looking 
from me to Sylvie and back with wide, frightened eyes.
“My best guess is that these runes carry in them the power of aevum and spatium,” I 
explained, gesturing to the intricate runes carved into the walls.
“Aevum and spatium?” Virion asked.
“Time and space aether arts,” Sylvie answered absentmindedly. My bond had a 
faraway look, and I could feel the confusion within her.
Bairon scoffed and shook his head. “No, that makes no sense! Shouldn’t these time and 
space ‘aether arts’ affect us all the same way? How is it that Commander Virion only 
felt like he’d walked for an hour while it feels like I’ve been journeying for more than 
a day!”
I thought for a moment, and my gaze drifted to the white medallion, still clutched 
tightly in Virion’s hand.
“Because of that.” I pointed to the artifact. “This is a trap! Anyone entering without a 
medallion must get caught in some kind of time-pit, giving whoever built this place 
enough time to react to intruders. I bet that having the artifact is enough to make 
passage through easier.”
“That doesn’t explain why you two weren’t affected,” Bairon retorted, obviously upset.
Though I couldn’t blame him for his anger, I still wanted to reach out and slap him. I 
could feel Sylvie encouraging me to be patient, however, so I let out a deep, calming 
breath before continuing. “Most likely, it’s because Sylvie is naturally inclined to aether 
that she experienced only minor effects. For me, I can only guess it’s because I’m 
sensitive to aether. I was still affected but not nearly as much as you.”
Bairon looked like he wanted to continue arguing, but apparently he couldn’t think of 
anything else to say. After a long moment of silence, Virion stepped in.
“Come on. Let’s continue,” Virion urged. “With Lady Sylvie using aether, the effects of 
the time and space aether don’t seem to be affecting us.”
Sylvie took the lead, continually utilizing aether to suppress the time-magic effecting 
Bairon and me. As we walked, I tried to wrap my head around what exactly had 
happened. I had so many questions… How had the ancient mages succeeded in 
harnessing aether arts to such an extent that they could devise traps like this? Was the 
time and space manipulation isolated to each person individually, or were we in some 
sort of contained area?
Were the Indrath Clan’s teachings about aether wrong? Did these ancient mages 
originate from the Indrath Clan—and like the Vritra Clan, flee from Epheotus due to a 
difference in beliefs? Or were these ancient mages actually lessers that had learned 
how to harness aether?
As my mind swam with questions, I continued to look behind us to make sure we were 
actually making progress. Bairon did so as well, even more on edge than everybody 
else. After a while, something luminescent appeared in the distance. The bright glow 
grew larger as we approached it.
“Finally!” Bairon muttered from the back.
He wasn’t the only one relieved. With the end finally in sight, our strides became 
longer and our steps more confident. When we reached the end of the corridor, the 
hallway opened into a massive cavern with an elegant coved ceiling carved from the 
natural stone. Pillars—each the width of three grown men—supported the huge 
underground structure. Bright orbs of warm light lined the walls, exposing the aweinspiring expanse in front of us.
On the one hand, it reminded me of the cavern systems that the dwarves had made for
their underground cities, but at the same time, those crude structures couldn’t even 
begin to describe the splendor and architectural meticulousness of this sanctuary.
The cavern was large enough to hold a small town, and the various tunnels that led 
out of the cavern reminded me of highways. Running through the entire expanse was 
a wide stream that glimmered under the light-orbs. There were several multileveled 
structures on either side of the stream and bridges that crossed the width of the 
stream at various points throughout the cavern.
In the midst of all this, however, my attention was drawn to a flickering light that I 
spotted coming from within the second level of one of the buildings just by the stream.
Sylvie and I exchanged glances, understanding each other with just a thought. I turned 
back to Bairon, who was still taking in the sight in front of us, and Virion, who was 
catching his breath.
I waved to catch their attention and pointed to the building with the light. Their 
expressions both grew fierce, all signs of fatigue wiped away in the face of a potential 
intruder into this place, our last sanctuary in Dicathen.
I took the lead as we descended a set of stairs leading to the ground. We weaved 
silently through the empty stone structures. I took a mental note to explore these 
buildings later on. There may be clues hidden about regarding the identity of these 
ancient mages. However, our first task was to find out who had lit a fire this far below 
the ground in a secret location.
Arriving at the building, I could hear the quiet muttering of several voices, but the 
windows were covered by glass, and, even with enhanced hearing, I couldn’t make out 
how many voices there were.
Gesturing for everyone to lean in close, I whispered, “I hear at least three different 
voices, but we should assume there are more than that.”
After receiving a nod from Sylvie, Bairon, and Virion, we circled the perimeter until we 
found the entrance to the building. There wasn’t a door, so we inched closer, keeping 
our backs against the wall until we were just beside the opening.
I held up five fingers and slowly counted down. Once my last finger fell, I pivoted to 
face the entrance, mana coiled around my body.
I had expected to meet a guard keeping watch, and I was right…
My eyes widened and my jaw fell slack. “Boo?!”
The towering stature, the dark-brown fur, the tuft of white on the chest, along with 
two spots of white just above two intelligent eyes—it was unmistakable. This was Boo.
Boo must’ve been thinking the same thing I was, because the thousand-pound bear 
charged at me on all fours, letting out a happy grunt and tackling me. Looming over 
me, Boo revealed a toothy grin before slobbering all over my face with his long, soft 
tongue.
I struggled under the mana beast’s weight as he pinned me down to the ground and 
slathered me with affection. “Boo—Ack! Stop! Okay! Enough!”
“I think he’s had enough, Boo,” Sylvie said, her voice calming the excited beast enough 
for me to escape.
“I feel violated,” I groaned, wiping off the thick, slimy mask of saliva that had 
accumulated over my face. Then it clicked. If Boo was here…
I grabbed Boo’s large, furry head and turned him to face me.
“Boo! Is Ellie here? What about my mom? How did you get here?” I asked, the 
questions pouring out of me before I could think them through.
Virion suddenly pushed past me and the bear, and I heard his voice call out, choking 
with emotion. “Tessia!”
Letting Boo go, I immediately followed after Virion. I didn’t have to go far before I was 
able to see four figures at the base of the stairs near the far wall of the building. It was 
my mom, sister, Tessia and… Elder Rinia.
My long and hurried strides slowed as my vision blurred with tears. Tessia fell into 
Virion’s arms and Ellie was running towards me—my face was buried in her short 
brown hair, her arms around my neck—her entire body shook as she bawled into my 
chest—her tiny, trembling fists hit me again and again she blubbered in between sobs 
about how scared she was—how I wasn’t there to protect her.
It was as if an icy, spectral hand had reached into my chest and took hold of my heart; 
guilt burned through my veins like venom. I had done this to her—to my bright, strong 
little sister. I should have been there to protect her.
“I’m so sorry, Ellie. I’m so sorry. I’m here now, everything is going to be okay,” I said, 
tightening my grip around her frail body and kissing her on the crown of her head.
“W-we almost died and you weren’t there. Y-you’re—you’re never there! Not at the 
castle, not at the Wall, not even when Dad died!” she wailed, her fists still pounding 
my body. “You’re my brother, you’re supposed to be there! You were supposed to 
comfort me when Dad died! I—I needed you… Mom needed you!”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Ellie,” I said again, repeating it like a prayer. “I’m so sorry…”
Ellie slowly calmed down, but her head remained buried in my chest. Her shoulders 
now only occasionally shook when she hiccupped. During this time, I didn’t look up. I 
kept my focus entirely on my sister until she pushed herself away. Staring at me with 
swollen red eyes, she gestured behind her with a thumb. “G-go apologize to Mom now.”
I looked up to find our mother only a few steps away from us, her expression hollow, 
empty of any emotion. That warm and tender smile, usually there even in the hardest 
of times, was nowhere to be found.
I walked up to her, unsure of what to say or where to begin.
“Mom…”
My mother’s apprehensive gaze as she slowly approached me made me all the more 
confused. “If it wasn’t for Elder Rinia, I don’t know whether or not we’d be alive.”
My gaze turned to Elder Rinia, who was talking quietly with Tessia and Virion. “I… I—
”
“But throughout that entire situation, when I thought that surely we would die—soon, 
if not now—do you know what I was thinking?”
I shook my head.
“I was thinking…” My mother paused for a moment, her stony mask wavering. Tears 
welled in her eyes and she bit her lower lip in an effort to keep it from trembling. She 
turned away from me, quickly wiping away her tears, trying to compose herself before 
turning back. “I was thinking the entire time how sad and guilt-ridden your father 
must’ve been to leave this world without getting the chance to make up with his only 
son.”
The weight of her words were heavy enough to make me weak in the knees, but I held 
on and responded in the manner that I wished I could’ve back at the Wall.
I wrapped my arms around my mother and squeezed her close. “It’s okay.”
Her trembling hands gripped me back tightly as she whispered, low enough for only 
me to hear, “No. I need to say it. I need to say that it doesn’t matter who you were 
before. I raised you when you were little, I nursed you when you were sick, and I 
watched as you grew into the man you are today. Your father and I talked for a long 
time, and we realized that you—who you are now—you are so different from who you 
were when you were born—and that’s when we knew that you are our son.”
I sagged, letting myself fall to my knees, my mother’s hands still gripping my 
shoulders. I put a hand to my chest as my breath came out in strained gasps. I couldn’t 
breathe, I could only gag out the never-ending sobs as my mother kept her arms 
around me.
“I’m so sorry that it took us so long to realize that. I’m so sorry that you couldn’t come 
to your own father’s funeral because of me. I’m so sorry, Arthur.”
Tess, who had waited patiently for me to reunite properly with my family, slid her arms 
around me and rested her head on my chest. She seemed to have something on her 
mind, but I was hesitant to ask directly. I satisfied myself with sharing a silent embrace, 
though my eyes kept flitting to her as we made our way upstairs to get settled in for a 
much needed rest.
I couldn’t help but notice the tension between Tess and Elder Rinia. Tess’s expression 
darkened every time Elder Rinia was mentioned, and they gave each other an 
unnecessarily wide berth as they moved about the second floor of the building.
Once we were all upstairs, Elder Rinia, her expression grave, pulled Virion aside and 
disappeared into another room. Tess’s face fell as she watched them hide themselves 
away. I suspected something had happened to her parents. As for why she was so 
angry at Elder Rinia, I could only speculate. Regardless, she excused herself not long 
after we sat down, telling us she was tired.
Bairon was next, telling us he wanted to spend some time meditating to recover. Due 
to the lack of ambient mana here, it would be almost impossible to go further than 
trying to recoup the mana he would naturally gain from his mana core, but I suspected 
that he left more to give me and my family some space. While my impression of Bairon 
had never been good, we’d come to terms with being at odds and settled into a vague 
understanding of one another.
Finding myself with just my family, I felt a sense of peace. After our rush from Etistin 
to the castle, then our long trek here, all the while fearing that my family was lost to 
me forever, it felt surreal to be sitting around a fire with them, safe and together. We 
sat in silence for awhile, watching the flames dance, but my mind never could rest for 
long, and soon enough it was full of burning questions.
Catching my mother’s eye, I asked, “How did you, Ellie, and Boo get here?”
She held my gaze for a moment before glancing at the exit that Tessia and Bairon had 
left through, shaking her head. “I’ll let Elder Rinia tell you. It’s better that way.”
Sylvie and Ellie filled the silence, talking about nothing in particular. Instinctively, they 
avoided speaking of the war, and it wasn’t long before my sister and mother began 
nodding off to sleep.
“Sorry, we haven’t been able to sleep well these past few days,” my mother said, 
rubbing her eyes.
“Don’t worry. Get some sleep—both of you,” I said, turning to my sister.
The two of them retreated to a bed of blankets that had been laid out in a corner of the 
room.
“Good night,” Sylvie and I said together.
They responded in kind before lying down. I caught my sister lifting her head every 
now and then, checking to see if we were still there, until her soft, rhythmic breathing 
eventually melded together with the crackling fire.
I sat and thought for awhile, watching my mother and sister sleeping peacefully. Many 
unexpected events had occurred in the last few days alone, but one of the moments I 
had dreaded the most was confronting my family after everything that had happened 
to them. I was so caught up in blaming myself for my father’s death that I avoided Ellie 
and my mother out of guilt. I even had a readymade excuse—I was needed for the war 
effort.
When I saw them in that abandoned underground house, my mind immediately 
expected anger and blame from them both. Instead, I learned that my mother had 
blamed herself all that time. She said that her inability to properly deal with the secret 
of my past life had caused me to miss my own father’s funeral, and she apologized for 
that.
The more I thought about it, the more I realized how mature that was. I was in the 
wrong as well. I had chosen to hide behind my duties as a Lance to avoid confrontation, 
and I had been the one to keep it a secret from them for so long, yet she ignored my 
mistakes and pointed out her own shortcomings instead, and then she had asked me
for forgiveness, which was something I wasn’t even sure I deserved.
Even with the experience of two separate lives, I had learned something valuable that 
day. I was once again humbled by the fact that, while my past life had given me many 
advantages, it was foolish of me to equate years lived to maturity.
‘It’s not like I didn’t tell you this already. I guess you needed to arrive at that conclusion 
yourself,’ Sylvie sent to me, managing to convey a mental eye-roll along with it. ‘Mark 
today on the calendar as the day Arthur Leywin realized he wasn’t the mature man he 
thought he was.’
Shut up, I sent back, smirking at my bond seated next to me. You’re using my own inner 
thoughts to belittle me and say that you’re more mature than I am.
‘I am more mature than you are, but a true mature person wouldn’t say it out loud,’ she 
replied, putting on a sweet, innocent smile.
You just said it out loud, I pointed out.
Sylvie looked at me with a raised brow. ‘Well technically… ’
I playfully nudged my bond with a shoulder, feeling good for the first time in a long 
while. My sister and mother were alive, and, while we had a lot to work on if we 
wanted to be how we were in the past, they were safe.
Sylvie was the next to fall asleep, her head resting on my lap. I caressed her hair 
between her horns and was reminded of when she would curl up in my lap in her fox 
form and fall asleep. As a growing asura, she had slept often. She was still growing, 
still maturing into her power. It was odd to think that, someday, she would be more 
powerful than I could ever hope to be. It was as her grandmother had told me in 
Epheotus: There was a limit to what I could do, to the power I could wield.
Staring at the fire in front of me, I became lost in thought. I had originally wanted to 
leave after bringing Virion and Bairon here in order to look for Tess and my family. 
Seeing that they were there already, I immediately thought about the possibility of 
staying with them. There weren’t many supplies available here, but there was a stream 
of fresh water and I had noticed a pile of large fish where Boo had made his den on the 
lower floor of the building.
We might need to make a trip to civilization occasionally—maybe the Wall—but for 
now, I considered just resting for a while.
I was tired, Virion was tired, and Bairon was tired—whether he admitted it or not. We 
all agreed that we had lost the war. Coming to this realization didn’t warrant any mindnumbing revelation—maybe I was growing used to winning our battles but losing the 
war. Agrona utilized his limited resources to their utmost potential and didn’t hesitate 
to sacrifice his troops to further his overall goal. Dicathen had been only reacting, and 
Agrona knew that all too well. Like Virion said, maybe the best thing to do was to go 
underground and wait for a chance to fight back.
My thoughts were interrupted by the soft footsteps approaching me. I turned around, 
greeting Elder Rinia with a nod. The old diviner smiled back, wrinkles tugging at the 
edges of her eyes. Taking a seat next to me with a weary groan, she lifted her hands to 
warm them in front of the fire.
“You’ve grown older since the last time I saw you,” she said, her eyes staring blankly 
at the dancing embers.
I chuckled. “Well, I am a growing teenage boy.”
“No teen would be wearing the expression you have,” Elder Rinia scoffed. “But I guess 
that’s what comes with war and having so many responsibilities.”
My hands unconsciously stroked my face as I wondered what sort of expression I wore 
and what Rinia meant. Too tired to think deeply, I looked at her, wondering why she 
had come back alone. “Where’s Virion?”
“He said he’ll check up on Tessia to see how she’s doing.”
We sat, gathering our courage together: I, to ask the question, and Elder Rinia, to 
answer it.
“Can you tell me everything that happened?”
A long silence followed my question, but when Elder Rinia spoke, it wasn’t to provide 
the long, convoluted story of how she managed to get into the castle and save Tessia 
and my family. Instead, she started off by saying something I didn’t expect.
“Arthur, I knew your identity the first time we met, back when you asked me to help 
you contact your parents.”
My eyes widened. “What? How?”
Rinia held up a finger. “These old eyes see much more than you can imagine. However, 
much like how I had feigned ignorance of your past life and kept it a secret, there are 
also parts of this story that I can’t reveal yet.”
I didn’t respond, letting her continue.
“I have known for some time now that an attack would occur at the castle following 
the betrayal of Virion’s son.”
“Virion’s… You’re telling me right now that it was Alduin who was responsible for 
letting the Scythe in?” I shook my head, unable to imagine the circumstance that would 
lead to such a thing. “That’s not possible, you can’t seriously be saying that he was 
trying to get his own father killed, right?”
“My knowledge doesn’t extend to his intentions, but yes, he was the one that allowed 
the Scythe access to the castle teleportation gate,” she answered.
My hand came up to my gaping mouth. I couldn’t believe it. Despite any disagreements 
the two of them had, Alduin had always looked up to Virion. Then the pieces started 
clicking into place. “Was Alduin guaranteed the safety of Merial and Tessia? Was that 
why he betrayed everyone? But then…”I dropped my voice to a whisper so my sleeping 
family wouldn’t hear. “Why did they take my mother and sister?”
“That’s what Alduin believed, yes,” she said. “As for your family, it’s easy to surmise 
that they wanted your mother and sister as hostages.”
Rubbing my temples, I thought about what she said. “What do you mean that Alduin 
‘believed’ it? What really happened?”
“We’re venturing into the area where I can’t give you an answer. All I can tell you is 
that if we want to keep any chance of taking back our country, we have to keep Tessia 
safe and far away from Agrona and the Alacryans.”
“So…” I trailed off, my throat suddenly tight. “So you think we have a chance at taking 
back Dicathen?”
She nodded. “It’s slim, but it does exist.”
After another pause, I spoke again. “If you knew about the attack on the castle, did you 
also know that Buhnd was going to die?”
The fire in front of us popped, spraying a small shower of glowing red ashes over the 
ground.
“Yes,” she finally said. “But had I tried to divert the entire attack, there was a much 
higher chance that Tessia would’ve been captured.”
I opened my mouth to say something, but I couldn’t quite get the right words.
“I know what you’re thinking, but I couldn’t risk Dicathen losing everything—losing 
the entire war—on the slim chance that I could save the people at the castle.”
“But, if you knew everything beforehand, you could’ve made countermeasures. You 
could’ve told Virion, or told me!” I argued.
“Time doesn’t work that way. Changing things like that alters the course of the future… 
and creates a future that I wouldn’t be able to see,” she said, her voice barely a whisper.
There was nothing to be done about it now. I knew I was being selfish… If it wasn’t for 
Elder Rinia, Tessia and my family would’ve been in Agrona’s hands by now. She had 
looked at the options in front of her and made the decision she thought was best. I 
understood that well enough.
“How were you able to save Tessia and my family though?” I asked.
“I was able to intercept them while they were on their way back to Elenoir,” she said 
nonchalantly.
Outwardly, I nodded at her answer, but my mind spun trying to imagine a scenario 
where Rinia succeeded in doing this. How did she manage to pry Tessia and my family 
away from Alduin and Merial? Was it just Alduin and Merial there? Rinia had hinted 
that, although Alduin believed that they were safe, they really weren’t. Most likely, 
after Alduin, Merial, Tessia, and my family stepped through the portal they would’ve 
been met with a trap.
Did Elder Rinia know everything that was going to happen? Were her diviner abilities 
able to influence time that well?
Time!
Without any warning, I directed a surge of killing intent at Elder Rinia, and just as she 
reacted with surprise, I ignited Realmheart and immediately used Static Void.
The world around me turned monochrome, except for the motes of purple trembling 
in place. But my eyes weren’t focused on the particles of aether around me; they were 
focused on Elder Rinia.
She regarded me watchfully, taking in my movements, my own expression as my eyes 
narrowed in realization. She glanced around her before her eyes fell back on me.
“Clever,” she said breathily, making the word a sigh.
“So you can utilize aether,” I muttered, seeing the specks of purple hovering around 
her, as if protecting her. “You’re not an asura, I know that for sure. Are you… one of the 
ancient mages?”
Despite the apparent strain that Elder Rinia endured as she tried to keep her aether 
arts active, she let out a chuckle. “No, I can tell you with absolute confidence that I am 
not an ‘ancient mage.’”
“Then who—what are you? Even I can’t control aether without relying on the dragon’s 
will inside me.” As I had this thought, I realized that controlling Static Void was 
somehow easier there. Under normal circumstances, I never could have held it long 
enough to have a lengthy discussion. Was it because I was surrounded by aether?
“While I’m not entirely sure, I believe that my diviner abilities stem partly from aether. 
As for how I learned—I’m sorry, but I can’t tell you that.”
“I don’t think that’s a good enough answer anymore,” I challenged, staring intently at 
the elf. She had always been shrouded in mystery, but this… this was different.
“I can tell you—I can tell you everything, Arthur. But Tessia and your family might die 
because of it,” she answered, her face turning ghastly. “Please, have a little patience 
and I can assure you that you’ll find out for yourself.”
She wasn’t threatening me with my loved ones—no, she truly believed that revealing 
everything could lead to their deaths. Gnashing my teeth in frustration, I released 
Static Void, allowing Elder Rinia to release the aether arts she had used to keep herself 
from being frozen in time.
She let out a ragged breath. “Thank you… for believing in me.”
“You saved Tessia and my family,” I said, glancing over to where my mother and Ellie 
were sleeping. “The least I can do is trust you—at least until you give me a reason not 
to.”
We continued talking, albeit a bit more calmly this time. I asked all of my questions. 
Some she answered and some she didn’t, but I didn’t press her for details.
What I did find out was that the underground town contained several teleportation 
gates that could only be controlled by utilizing aether. That’s how Elder Rinia was able 
to get there so quickly and without having to physically make a cross-continental 
journey with Tessia, my mother, and my sister in tow.
“You learned aether arts, and I was more or less given the ability to borrow it at times. 
Tell me, is it something that I can learn as well?” I asked, trying to hold onto the 
sensation I experienced when I had gathered aether to Dawn’s Ballad in order to injure 
the Scythe.
“Yes, and no. Your ability to experience a taste of aether arts through your dragon will 
with a simple thought, as well as the fact that you can see aether, gives you a great 
advantage. However, my advantage, compared to yours, is much greater. I discovered 
a location to train in aether arts—with aether much more abundant than here, and I 
had eighty years to learn,” she explained.
I thought about spending eighty years, perhaps more, trying to grasp aether arts. 
Eighty years was a long time, and while my white core extended my lifetime, I couldn’t 
hope for the same thing for my mother or my sister. “I see.”
“It’s too early to lose hope. We’ll continue to gather forces slowly, and with you and 
Lady Sylvie here, we’ll have three people able to access the teleportation—” Elder 
Rinia stopped abruptly at the erratic sound of footsteps drawing quickly closer.
The jolt of fear and focus that I felt caused Sylvie to stir awake.
‘What’s going on?’ she asked, lifting her head off of my lap.
Virion is coming and… something’s wrong, I replied, standing up.
I sent out a pulse of wind mana, trying to sense whether anyone was chasing after 
Virion, but it was just him. It only took a few seconds for him to appear from the small 
hallway leading to the room we were in. The old commander was disheveled, tired, 
and had a look of panic.
“Tessia—ran away,” he huffed, catching his breath.
“What?” I blurted. “How? Where did she go?”
Elder Rinia cursed under her breath and grabbed my arm. “Tessia can’t leave this 
place, Arthur. There’s something wrong with her core, and if she leaves the protection 
this place provides, the Alacryans can track her.”
My eyes widened in horror. I turned to Virion. “What direction did she go?”
As soon as Virion lifted his finger, I shot off in that direction, immediately activating 
Static Void and igniting Realmheart once more. The color drained from the world as I 
bolted out the window. I felt the ache of activating the aether art again so soon deep 
within my mana core. I knew I couldn’t push myself much further without rest, or 
backlash could become a serious danger.
My mana usage was limited while in Static Void because I couldn’t manipulate ambient 
mana, but seeing as there wasn’t much ambient mana in this underground town 
anyway, I figured Tessia couldn’t have gotten too far.
With the spell slowly draining my core, I endured until I eventually found traces of 
mana that had been used.
I was right. Tess had used magic to forcefully run away from Virion, who was still 
injured and unable to utilize most of his mana.
Following the trail into one of the tunnels leading away from the cavern, I found Tess. 
She was frozen in place, her eyes determined, her hair billowing… and teardrops 
suspended in the air behind her.
I rushed past her a few feet to give her time to stop before withdrawing Static Void 
and Realmheart. The motes of purple and green faded as my vision returned to 
normal.
Tessia resumed running until she spotted me, then skidded to a stop and froze again, 
eyes and mouth both open wide.
“How did you…” she started, but she didn’t finish the thought. “I have to go, Art. I have 
to save my parents.”
I hadn't thought about what to say to reason with Tess once I caught up. I didn’t know 
what her argument for running away would be, but I hadn’t expected this. “Tess… your 
parents betrayed us.”
“Don’t say that—Don’t you dare say that!” she snapped, eyes glaring. “You don’t know 
anything!”
“What I know is that your parents colluded with Agrona, let a Scythe into the castle,
and got almost everyone killed,” I said calmly.
“It’s not that simple,” she argued, hurriedly wiping away a tear. “They had no choice…”
“Tess, your father and mother all but sacrificed Virion—your own grandpa—for the 
hope that Agrona would leave Elenoir alone. Now please, come back with us. Let’s talk 
about our next steps and—”
“Stop. I know that you haven’t always agreed with my parents, but don’t make them 
out to be so selfish like that. They had no choice!”
“You keep saying that, Tess, but they had plenty of choices,” I said softly. “They could’ve 
ignored Agrona’s offer and trusted in Virion to win this war.”
“Then I would be dead, Art!” she screamed. “Is that what you wanted?”
Caught off guard, I looked at her in confusion. “Dead? What are you talking about?”
Tess marched forward until she was just inches away from me. “I would be dead. My 
parents had no choice but to accept the deal with Agrona because of the beast will that 
you gave me, Arthur.”
My thoughts veered back to the elderwood guardian I had defeated. “No, that’s 
impossible. You only had problems assimilating with it. Once you managed to control 
it—”
“The beast will you gave me was from a corrupted beast,” Tessia interrupted, shedding 
tears. “A beast corrupted by Agrona. With that thing inside me, I was basically a living 
bomb that Agrona could detonate on a whim.”
I didn’t want to believe it. Surely it was a lie, fabricated to turn Alduin and Merial. 
Agrona couldn’t be trusted. I tried to talk, to argue this point, but Tessia kept going.
“So don’t you dare say that my parents betrayed us,” Tessia seethed. “They did it to 
save me, and even if no one else here will give them a chance, I will.”
‘Art! What happened, are you okay? I’m coming to you now.’
No, it’s okay. Stay there while I try to convince Tess, I replied.
“Tess… I had no idea that this happened because of the beast will I gave you,” I said. “If 
I had known…”
Setting her jaw, Tessia looked past me, down the tunnel. “I know it’s not your fault, but 
I have to do something, Art.”
“I understand, Tess, but once you step out from this shelter, the Alacryans will be able 
to trace you. You’ll die.”
Tess gripped my shirt fiercely, searching my eyes, imploring me to understand. 
“They’re my parents, Art. They did everything they could to save me.”
A tumult of emotions stirred inside me as I looked down at Tess: frustration, sadness, 
fear… and guilt. It was easy to feel responsible for what had happened. I had known 
that something was wrong with the elderwood guardian, but, in my excitement, I fed 
it to one of the people I cared most about in an attempt to keep her safe. If only I had 
been more cautious…
I gently pried Tess’s hands free. “Is there nothing I can do to convince you to stay?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Then I’m coming with you.”
Tess’s eyes lit up. “Really? You’re coming with me?”
“But… I think you should reconcile with Virion first,” I said, and her face fell. “Whatever 
you argued about with him, remember that he didn’t just lose you back at the castle; 
he lost his son.”
“I—I know. What they did was wrong, but they only did it—”
“To save you. Yeah, I know,” I finished. “Which is why, if we’re going to save them and 
bring them back here, you’re going to need to be the bridge that’ll mend things 
between your grandfather and parents. You won’t be able to do that if you just leave 
like this.”
Tess opened her mouth as if to argue but simply let out a sigh. “You know, most girls 
don’t like guys who are always right.”
A smile tugged at the corner of my lips. “Do you want most girls to like me?”
Narrowing her eyes, Tess punched me in the arm before turning back towards our 
camp. “Come on. Let’s go back.”
“I’m sorry—I really am—but we can’t risk it,” Elder Rinia said resolutely. “Your mana 
core has been corrupted by the beast will inside you. If you leave—”
“But the potion cured me! That’s why my parents did all of that—so they could give it 
to me!” Tess argued.
“Do not forget that it was Agrona who gave you the potion, Tessia. You may be fine 
now, but we don’t know if that was a permanent solution or if it’ll only give you a 
period of respite. It’s too soon to tell, and if something does happen to you on that 
journey and you’re taken by the Alacryans—”
“Then I’d be one more lost soul in a sea of the dead! What is the point of staying safe 
when the fate of our entire continent seems to rest on a knife’s edge?” Tess demanded.
“Tessia!” Virion snapped. “Don’t talk like that!”
“It’s true though,” she continued. “I’m not anywhere near as strong as the Lances, nor 
am I influential enough to rally people together like either of you. But should I not be 
willing to risk my life to fight the Alacryans?”
I took a step forward but Sylvie put her hand in front of me.
‘Don’t, Arthur. It’s not our place to interfere. Not now.’ There was a solemn severity to 
Sylvie’s mood, and I thought that, perhaps, she was indeed the mature one between 
us.
No one else interrupted. Bairon was leaning against the far wall of the room by the 
door with his arms crossed. My sister had left the room some time ago with Boo while 
Mother quietly listened.
“So are you refusing me the chance to go find my own mother and father?” Tess asked 
quietly, her eyes brimming with tears.
Virion’s expression softened as he gently took hold of his granddaughter’s hand. “We’ll 
bring them back. Just give me and Bairon some time to recover.”
After a long silence, Tess finally nodded in acceptance. “I’m sorry, Grandpa.”
Virion pulled his granddaughter into his arms. “It’s okay, little one. It’s okay.”
My mother walked over to us, gently patting Sylvie on her shoulder. My bond and my 
mother exchanged a warm smile before my mother’s gaze shifted to me. “Your sister 
is outside. You should go talk to her.”
After taking a quick glance at Tess, I turned back to my mother. Her eyes were red and 
glistening. “Mom? Is something wrong?”
She smiled at me and shook her head. “It’s nothing. I’m just glad you’re staying,” she 
said quietly, just barely loud enough for me to hear.
My mother let go of my wrist and waved me away with a sad smile. I hesitated, but 
Sylvie gave me a mental nudge.
‘Go. I’ll watch over your mother,’ Sylvie assured me.
I passed by Bairon, who only nodded as I walked by, then headed down the stairs to 
the ground floor.
I berated myself as I walked out of the building. It made sense in my head to go with
Tess since my mother and sister were safe here, but I didn’t think about how they’d
feel about me leaving.
Spotting my sister and her giant bond by the stream, I walked over. Boo was curled up 
into a furry ball, sleeping, while Ellie was throwing rocks into the stream.
“Mind if I join you?” I asked.
“Why? Aren’t you going to leave soon, anyway?” she asked bitterly.
I picked up a flat rock. “We decided not to go until Bairon and Virion are both fully 
healed.”
Ellie chucked another rock, making it splash into the calm water. “I’m sorry, Arthur. 
I’m sure you’d rather be out there being a hero than staying in this dusty old tomb 
with your stupid little sister.”
“You know it’s not like that,” I said calmly, sidearm tossing the rock down the stream. 
We watched as the smooth stone skipped four, seven, ten times before it finally sank. 
“Bringing back Tess’s parents is something that has to be done.”
“Why?” my sister retorted. “Because your girlfriend wants you to?”
“Ellie,” I replied.
“Don’t ‘Ellie’ me!” my sister snapped, throwing the rock in her hand before turning to 
me. “I overheard Commander Virion talking to Tessia earlier. I know that the four of 
you almost died fighting that one Scythe! And now you’re telling me that you’re going 
to go back there to bring back the elves who sold us all out?”
“It’s not that simple, you know that.”
“It sounds pretty simple to me,” she said sharply, looking down to search for another 
rock. “Our family—what’s left of it—barely got back together, but you’re already eager 
to leave us.”
“I’m never eager to leave you, I wish I could be by your side every second of the day,” I 
said, reaching out toward her but stopping when I saw her posture go stiff. Slowly, I 
pulled my hand away. “I’m one of the few mages powerful enough to turn the tide of 
this war, and one way to do that is by bringing back Tess’s parents. Only then will we 
be able to muster up the forces necessary to eventually take back Dicathen.”
My sister paused as she absentmindedly reached for another rock to throw. A lone tear
fell from her chin, disappearing into the stones below.
“I love Tess, I do. But you, Mom, and Sylvie are my family.”
Boo let out a deep groan from the side.
“And you too, Boo. You’re family too,” I added, smiling as Ellie stifled a laugh. “I’d do 
anything to keep you all safe, and if that means I have to be away from you all to do it, 
that’s a price I’m willing to pay.”
Ellie quickly wiped at her tears before getting back up. She turned around and threw 
the stone in her hand. “I know. It’s just… I wish you were around more.”
I picked up another flat rock and threw it. “I wish I was too—more than anything—
but I don’t want you and Mom living in an underground town below a desert for the 
rest of your lives, and to do that, I need to get off my butt.”
“I don’t mind it. I know Mom won’t mind it, once she gets used to it,” she said, watching 
my rock skip on the water. “I know you’re doing this to keep us all safe, but it works 
both ways, you know.”
Ellie turned around, pouting, her eyes red and cheeks flushed. “We just want you safe.”
I reached out and entwined my arm with hers; there was no resistance this time. “Do 
you know what my dream is, after this is all over?”
“What?”
“For us to live together in a huge house by the ocean. Me, you, Mom, Sylvie, Boo, and 
Tess.”
“Wait, why do you get to live with your girlfriend? What about my future boyfriend?” 
she protested.
I looked at her blankly. “You won’t have a boyfriend.”
“What? Why not?”
“Because if you do, I’ll get rid of him,” I said matter-of-factly.
“That’s not fair!” she huffed.
I only shrugged. “Big brothers are never fair.”
Ellie puffed her cheeks for a moment before breaking out into laughter, causing me to 
laugh as well.
“Fine,” she relented. “But in exchange, you have to teach me how you do that.”
I raised a brow. “Do what?”
“That thing where the rock bounces on top of the water! Are you using magic?”
“I’m not using magic at all,” I said, skipping another rock.
Ellie tried as well, mimicking my motions and failing. “Lies. You’re totally using magic.”
“No, I’m not, just watch…”
Three days passed by in the blink of an eye. Tess came to terms with Virion and the 
two made up. Despite being stuck in a dreary underground town, in hiding and on the 
losing end of the war, everyone seemed to be in good spirits, smiling and laughing with 
each other, enjoying each other’s company, even if only for a short while—everyone 
except for Bairon.
When Virion and Bairon weren’t resting, they were meditating and trying to cycle 
mana throughout their bodies to hasten their recovery. It was a slow and arduous 
process for any of us to meditate in this place due to the absence of ambient mana.
Despite the disadvantages of having little to no ambient mana, the underground 
village had a large benefit for me and Sylvie.
“Happy training,” I teased, sitting cross-legged on the hard ground.
“It’s amazing to me that you haven’t gotten sick of this,” Sylvie said, sitting down across 
from me in the same hallway we had arrived from. “I’m making progress, but you’ve 
yet to even take a step forward. How are you not discouraged at all?”
I shrugged. “I’ve had things too easy up until now. Besides, if these damn ancients were 
able to learn it to this extent, I’m sure I’ll eventually get the hang of it.”
“Honestly, I’d think you were full of it if I couldn’t actually feel your optimism,” Sylvie 
said, closing her eyes to concentrate.
Still seated, I ignited Realmheart. Color faded away from the world, leaving only the 
motes of purple either swaying rhythmically in the air or clustered together on the 
walls to produce the soft light around us.
At the same time, my bond opened up her consciousness completely to me so I could 
sense every little thing she was doing. This was the training system that I had devised.
Both Elder Rinia and Sylvie had agreed that it was impossible for them to teach me 
how to use aether. While Elder Rinia was limited by what she could tell me, Sylvie used 
aether so naturally she didn’t have the tools to describe it. For her, it would have been 
like trying to teach me how to use my eyes to see, or my ears to hear. Instead, I watched 
and listened to my bond’s thoughts as she meditated and slowly refined her control 
over the aether arts.
From what little I’d learned through this process, it felt like the aether was more or 
less teaching Sylvie; it was nothing like mana at all.
Shaping and controlling the power within my body had been ingrained in me since my 
previous life, while learning to utilize aether seemed as if it would be more akin to 
learning how to control a new body entirely—one with a different number of 
appendages and senses.
It remained a mystery to us how these ancient mages had managed to trap aether into 
the artifacts to light them up. The very nature of controlling the aether in this way was 
paradoxical to what my bond was doing.
I sat with Sylvie for hours, yet had no progress to show for it. Frustrated and impatient, 
I once again walked back to our camp alone while my bond continued to strengthen 
herself.
On my way back, I stopped by one of the adjacent hallways where Elder Rinia was 
working. I found the old elf drawing runes on the inner mechanisms of an ancient 
portal, her hands glowing purple as she worked.
“How’s the teleportation gate coming along?” I asked. “Maybe you should take a 
break.”
“I’m nearly finished! I think I—should be done—in a few hours,” she said in between 
heavy breaths.
It was obvious that utilizing aether was taking a toll on her body. “We need you to take 
care of your health, Elder Rinia. You look like you’ve aged another century since you 
got here.”
“If I wasn’t so tired, I’d walk over there and slap you…” she grumbled, not bothering to 
look at me. “Besides, Lady Sylvie has been helping me out by providing the raw energy 
to power this old thing up.”
“Should I call her over?” I asked.
“No, no. Just a last bit of tinkering with the runes to set the return point,” she replied, 
waving me away.
I stuck around for a bit, watching her draw runes in the empty center of the 
teleportation gate.
The rune was a complicated shape stemming from a center pentagon that branched 
out into sharp angles creating a rigid, vortex-like pattern. I found myself following her 
hand movements as she carefully traced over the rune until the faint purple shape 
faded and spread out to the outer structure of the gate.
“You should get going. Tessia came by earlier. She was asking for you,” said Elder Rinia.
“Oh.” I scratched my head. “I wonder what she wants.”
After reminding the old elf not to overdo it one more time, I returned to the main base. 
Near the flowing stream that cut through the cavern, I saw Ellie and Tess playing with 
each other. Tess was conjuring tiny orbs of water above the stream while Ellie shot 
them down by firing mana arrows from her bow.
I was about to call out to them when I had an idea. A mischievous grin spread across 
my face, and I ducked around the corner of a small building.
Just as Tess raised another sphere of water, I flicked my wrist, willing the orb to dash 
left. The glowing arrow of pure mana whizzed by, missing its mark entirely.
Hearing Tess exclaim in confusion made me snicker, and I continued to mess with my 
sister. I willed the orb of water to dip and dodge, avoiding Ellie’s arrows and even 
squirting a stream of water at her face, until finally my sister screamed out in 
frustration.
“We know it’s you, Brother!” my sister yelled, stressing the word as if it were a curse.
“Couldn’t even land a single hit? Tsk tsk tsk,” I teased, laughing aloud.
Ellie fired a mana arrow directly at my face, but I continued laughing as I easily caught 
it in my hand.
“Ellie! Don’t fire arrows at your brother!” my mother’s voice echoed from the second 
floor of the building, just behind Tess and my sister.
“He started it!” Ellie retorted, pointing her finger at me.
Tess covered her mouth, trying to stifle her laughter as my sister turned bright red.
The three of us eventually headed inside. I continued to make fun of my sister as she, 
in turn, continued to throw fists and bolts of pure mana at my face.
“Oh, Tess, Elder Rinia mentioned that you were looking for me earlier?” I asked Tess 
while dodging and deflecting my baby sister’s attacks.
“Oh, uh, it was nothing. I just wanted to check in on how everyone was doing,” she said, 
quickening her pace to beat us up the stairs.
When we arrived upstairs, I could see a row of flame-grilled fish skewered on 
branches.
“Wow!” I said, my mouth already beginning to salivate.
“I managed to catch quite a few fish today,” my mother grinned proudly, tapping her 
flexed arm. “Eat up while I go retrieve Commander Virion and General Bairon from 
their meditation.”
I immediately grabbed a skewer and took a bite, surprised by the richly-seasoned 
flavor. “How is this fish salted?” I asked through a mouthful of fish.
My mother turned back as she was leaving through the door. “Elder Rinia packed it in 
one of her dimension rings.”
“‘One of’?” Tess repeated, handing a skewer to Ellie before taking one for herself.
“Mhmm. Elder Rinia has at least eight dimension rings full of things necessary to live 
here. She’s even brought various seeds so that we can start growing our own fruits 
and vegetables down here,” my mother answered, smiling. “We’ll all have to help out 
so we can start accommodating a lot more people here.”
Tess and I exchanged glances, both no doubt wondering the same thing: How long had 
Elder Rinia been preparing for all of this?
Eventually my mother returned with Bairon and Virion. Though still incapacitated, 
they were looking better every day. Sylvie joined us for food as well, talking and 
smiling with Tess and Ellie. Elder Rinia had come back and, after a quick bite to eat, 
immediately fell asleep in her bed.
My mother had done a fantastic job of making the desolate building seem comfortable, 
almost homey. Most of us only got a blanket in order to save resources, but with 
curtains set up in front of the doorways of each room and small decorative touches 
here and there, the place didn’t seem so much like a refugee shelter anymore.
I found myself comfortable and content as I drifted off to sleep after dinner. In a way, 
being together with the ones that I cared about the most—it was what I had hoped for. 
I wanted to bring the Twin Horns down here as well; I knew my mother and sister 
would be happy at that.
I was eager to start the new day.
If only I’d known what I would be waking up to.
TESSIA ERALITH
I looked back at the softly-lit corridor stretching into the darkness behind me, back 
toward my grandfather and Arthur.
“Sorry, Grandpa,” I muttered under my breath, looking down at the white medallion in 
my hand. “I swear I’ll return this.”
I turned and faced the ancient gate in front of me and mentally prepared myself for 
whatever would happen once I crossed.
Grandpa had already killed off Mother and Father in his mind, I could see it in the look 
he always had when I mentioned them. I knew what that look meant; to him, my 
parents were no longer family, but traitors.
Grandma Rinia wasn’t as bad, but I knew that she had given up on trying to save my 
parents. Just from overhearing the plans she and Virion made together with General 
Bairon, I knew that my parents were nowhere on the list of people they intended to 
save.
But they didn’t know—they weren’t there. They didn’t see how hard Mother’s hands 
trembled as she held onto my hand and pulled me away. They weren’t there to see 
Father with tears rolling down his face as we stepped through the portal.
Pulling the hood over my head, I steeled myself. They may say I was acting rashly, that 
I was letting my emotions overwhelm me, just as they had after the battle in Elshire 
Forest. Whatever anyone thought of my actions, it didn’t matter. My parents deserved 
a chance, and if their own daughter wouldn’t give that to them, who would?
Admittedly, I had been tempted to ask Arthur to help me, but that was too selfish. I 
knew the dangers ahead, and if anything happened to him because of me…
I’m dispensable, he isn’t.
Holding the medallion out in front of me, I walked through the glowing gate. The soft 
purple light undulated at the medallion’s touch and I felt a slight pull. Rather than 
resist the foreign sensation, I accepted it and stepped further into the gate until my 
entire body was immersed.
Immediately, I was pulled across a whirling funnel of light. It felt different from the 
normal teleportation gates, more… nauseating.
I stumbled out the other side on paved ground, still a bit disoriented from the trip. 
From somewhere nearby I heard a voice yell out, “The gate! Someone used the gate!” 
There were four Alacryans standing guard around the teleportation gate through 
which I had crossed.
“Get on your knees and take off your hood!” one of the guards ordered, aiming a 
condensed sphere of wind in my direction. “Now!”
I dropped low and slammed my palm on the ground. Before the spells from the 
Alacryans could reach me, however, a gale of wind surged around me.
Keeping one hand on my head to keep the hood in place, I muttered another spell. I 
willed the protective barrier of wind to expand, pushing away the enemy mages, who 
were caught off guard.
Using this brief window of opportunity, I dashed forward to the nearest alleyway, a 
hundred feet to the north.
I heard the barking of orders and soon another pair of Alacryans were coming at me 
from either side. Keeping my hood down, I rushed towards the Alacryan to my left, 
shooting a blade of wind at him.
Almost immediately, an armor of ice enveloped his body, protecting his neck from the 
sharp crescent of wind that would have slit his throat. Though I was initially surprised 
by the deviant magic, I reminded myself that the Alacryans used magic differently than 
we did; a higher form of magic didn’t necessarily equate to a stronger mage in their 
case.
The ice-clad Alacryan had managed to defend against my attack, but the force of the 
wind-blade knocked him off balance. It was tempting to use my plant magic or beast 
will to escape, but I resisted. Using deviant magic like that would draw too much 
attention to myself. I might as well have a herald walk before me proclaiming that the 
former princess of Elenoir was here.
Conjuring a condensed surge of wind below my back foot, I propelled myself to within 
an arm’s length of the enemy. He brought up his longsword to block whatever attack 
he thought I would hit him with, but instead, I grabbed his arm and used a classic 
overhead toss that my grandpa had taught me.
With the aid of wind magic, I tossed the Alacryan up into the air, which opened up the 
path to the nearest alleyway.
“Don’t let him get away!” a voice screamed from afar.
Comforted by the fact that they thought I was a man, I sped away from the pursuing 
guard, who couldn’t keep up with my wind-assisted sprint.
I sped through the narrow passage. Buildings towered over me on either side, the road 
barely wide enough to allow two men to walk shoulder to shoulder.
Most of the human cities looked so similar to one another that it was hard to tell 
exactly where I was until I could get a better view of the city as a whole, but I knew 
that I had at least arrived in one of the major cities of Sapin.
My eyes constantly scanned the road and even nearby rooftops in case an Alacryan
was keeping track of my whereabouts from above. Taking a quick look at the sky 
confirmed that I hadn’t landed in Xyrus City. The clouds were well overhead and there 
was no translucent barrier that could be seen protecting the floating city.
After some time had passed, I carefully made my way towards one of the larger roads. 
I peeked out from the narrow passage; there were quite a lot of people still walking 
the streets.
I kept out of sight and studied the pedestrians passing by. While they were mostly 
adventurers and soldiers dressed in armor or protective leather, I spotted many 
children and housewives as well. Everyone seemed to be moving in the same direction…
They all have such lifeless expressions, I thought to myself, my chest knotting in guilt. It 
was stupid to feel personally responsible for everything that had happened, but there 
was an icy voice in my head that kept saying it was largely my fault that the war had 
turned against us.
I shook my head, pushing the voice away. I couldn’t afford to be distracted.
After wrapping my cloak tightly around me and making sure that most of my 
conspicuous hair couldn’t be seen, I jumped out of the alleyway. Blending in with a 
horse-drawn carriage that passed close by, I walked beside it until a large cluster of 
pedestrians offered me a more natural veil to hide my presence.
A few people gave me passing glances, but no one seemed to take too much notice.
“Do we really have to go?” a middle-aged woman a few feet ahead of me whispered to 
what looked like her husband.
The plump man answered in a hushed tone. “Those damn Alacryans are already 
beginning to chase people out of their homes. If we don’t go now, it’ll only make things 
worse.”
The woman looked at her husband as if she was about to say something else but 
stopped, her eyes turning toward the ground. I could see her shoulders droop, though 
she still held tightly onto the hand of their daughter.
Confused, I continued following the crowd until I spotted a few stands on the side of 
the street. Most were almost finished wrapping up their goods and putting down the 
tarps that hung over their stands, but there was a clothing stand that had yet to be 
completely packed up.
I veered away from the knot of people and approached the stand, keeping my head 
down. The shopkeeper watched me warily from the corner of her eye. Without a word, 
I carefully set several silver coins on her table, pulled a set of clothes—a long leather 
cap, matching mantle, and pants—from a rack and walked away. Glancing back, I saw 
the wide-eyed shopkeeper scoop up the coins and go back to breaking down her stand, 
pointedly looking away from me.
Sliding into another nearby side alley between an abandoned bakery and butcher 
shop with broken windows, I hurriedly changed into the clothes I had just bought.
I tied up my hair and tucked it into the leather cap, which ran down past my neck, 
making sure most of my silver hair couldn’t be seen. After putting on the mantle and 
pants, I ran my fingers along the ground and then smeared dirt across my face.
I thought about maybe taking out the practice bow I had borrowed from Ellie to 
complete the adventurer’s ensemble, but I realized that no one was carrying their 
weapon. Darting out of the alley, I once again blended in with the tides of people all 
walking solemnly in the same direction. Despite how much more crowded it had 
become, there was still an eerie silence lingering over the city.
“Excuse me. What is going on?” I asked, disguising my voice to make it sound deeper.
The man didn’t answer, instead speeding up in order to put some distance between us.
I tried again, this time to an elderly woman, but was met with the same response. On 
my third attempt, a younger lady—just a bit older than me—finally responded.
“I-it’s over,” she said, choking back a sob. “Those invaders told us to move to Etistin 
center if we didn’t want to be hunted down.”
“Hunted down?” I said quietly. “What about the Dicathen army stationed in Etistin?”
The woman’s pace quickened as she looked back nervously.
I followed after her, matching her pace, and asked again before she finally answered, 
in an even quieter voice. “They… they left.”
“Left?” I said a bit louder than I had intended.
The woman’s eyes bulged like a startled deer and she zipped off, clutching tightly onto 
the drawstring bag in her arms.
I tried to repress the frustration and anxiety building up inside me. My short 
conversation with the woman left me with more questions than answers, and it 
seemed like everyone else was too scared to talk.
Adjusting my leather cap, I walked on. The only way I’d get some answers was by going 
to the city center. The Grand Mountains were at our backs, so I knew we were walking 
toward the west.
I must’ve crossed through the eastern gate of Etistin, which makes sense as it’s the least 
used teleportation gate and the farthest one from Etistin’s castle.
The longer I walked, the denser the crowd around me became. It got to the point 
where we all had to shuffle forward, our shoulders pressed against each other. The 
cries of children could be heard over the nervous shushing from their parents.
The tall, ornate buildings that made up the inner portions of the city of Etistin blocked 
the view of the city center, but it was as we approached that area that I spotted 
Alacryans.
They weren’t any different from the humans of Sapin, but they all wore the same gray 
and black uniform streaked with blood-red. They were also the only ones with 
weapons, and they used them to herd the people up ahead into the pathway leading 
to the city center.
That’s when I heard it: the first scream.
That was only the beginning—that first scream triggered more as the crowd in front 
reached the open area of the city’s square.
I pushed ahead through the crowd, trying to squeeze toward the front. I was in the 
middle of the dense press of people shuffling into the open area that had once been 
the hub of commerce and trade in Etistin.
As I got closer, I noticed the change in the atmosphere—from fear and worry to 
despair. Underneath the screams that resounded from the buildings around us, I could 
make out the gasps and groans and quiet sobs from the people up ahead.
I noticed a broad man pointing a trembling finger at something I couldn’t yet see and 
a woman with both hands covering her mouth, eyes wide and tears flowing freely; 
another man wore a hard expression as he looked the other way.
That’s when I reached the front.
My gut heaved and a lump in my throat threatened to suffocate me as I saw the four 
figures: two men, two women, with black spikes pierced through their bodies—high 
up in the air for all to see.
Blaine and Priscilla Glayder and… my parents.
I stumbled back, only kept on my feet by the press of bodies around me. My breath 
came in short, uneven bursts, and my head spun. Everything faded out of focus except 
for my parents—I couldn’t bear to look, yet I couldn’t look away from their corpses 
hanging in the air with black spikes jutting through their backs, their arms and legs 
dangling limply as blood trailed down the three-story tall spikes.
The worst part, though, was the fact that I could see their expressions. Their eyes were 
wide and bulging, their mouths hung open grotesquely. They had been positioned 
alongside the king and queen of Sapin for everyone arriving to clearly see the pain that 
they had been in before their deaths.
Blood rushed to my head, pounding in my ears, and I felt power leak from my mana 
core. The primal strength of the elderwood guardian’s beast will threatened to break 
free and wreak havoc on the Alacryans here.
Control yourself, Tessia, I thought, pleading with myself. It took every ounce of strength 
left in my body to resist the beast’s power. My parents did what they did believing they 
were keeping me safe, and, regardless of how things had turned out, I needed to make 
sure that I didn’t throw their efforts away in vain.
A sob clawed free of my throat and I couldn’t bear it any longer. Falling to my knees, I 
wept quietly amidst the crowd, one of many who mourned the loss of these kings and 
queens, though I mourned for different reasons. To most of the people here, their 
deaths meant that Dicathen had lost. The people cried because for the grim future 
filled with hardships and uncertainties.
For me… I cried for my parents—I cried for all of the things I would never be able to 
do with them, for all of the things I had said to them, and all of the things I couldn’t say 
to them.
“Citizens of Dicathen,” a soft, honeyed voice said, practically oozing through the city 
square. Despite how loud it had been, the crowd quieted. On the top of a stone pillar 
stood a woman wearing the gray and red uniform of Alacrya. Her red hair billowed 
like a dancing flame as she looked down at us, her hands clasped in front of her.
“Your kings have passed, your armies are fleeing, and your most powerful warriors 
are in hiding. The castle is ours, Xyrus City and Elenoir City are ours, and now, Etistin 
City is ours. But do not despair, for we do not come as pillagers.”
All was still and silent as everyone waited for her next words.
When she finally spoke, she made a subtle but welcoming gesture with her arms 
slightly raised. “We come here as agents of something greater—of someone greater. 
You know of the asuras, the mighty beings you worship as deities. You have long 
believed they have watched over you, yet it has been a lie. The asuras had abandoned 
you… Those days are no longer. Alacrya has won this war, yet not by our own power. 
We won because our sovereign is no lowly human or elf like these you see here.” Her 
voice quieted, but her words carried even more clearly than before. “We won because 
our sovereign is an asura. Our victory was the will of a deity himself.”
Murmurs could be heard throughout the large crowd, but the Alacryans didn’t stop it. 
They let the chatter and hesitance amongst the crowd grow. The woman on the 
pedestal sighed sadly, and I could hear it as if she were right next to me in a quiet room.
She used earth magic to raise that stone pillar, and she’s been manipulating sound to 
spread her voice. How many elements can she control? Was there more to the Alacryans’ 
powers that we’d managed to discover? In the face of someone capable of not only 
manipulating multiple elements, but who was also a deviant like myself, I began to 
wonder how many mages as powerful as this person, or even more so, existed 
amongst the Alacryans.
“Your disbelief is reasonable, and what I say or do here will only fan the flames of 
doubt growing within you. This is natural, and this is why we had to do what we did—
because of stubbornness, because of pride, because of greed, and because of doubt, 
peace can only be achieved through war,” she said solemnly. “You may feel like the 
prisoners of a defeated country now, but I assure you that, as time passes, you all will 
feel like a part of something bigger—citizens of a godly kingdom.”
“My name is Lyra Dreide. Today, I have stood above you as victor, but I pray that the 
next time we meet, it will be as equals, and as friends.”
The Alacryan’s words lingered in the air like the smell of spring flowers after rain. She 
didn’t stop there; she then raised the stone pillar even higher and gently pulled the 
bodies of my parents and the king and queen of Sapin from the black spikes.
After setting them down one by one on the ground, she created a pit around their 
bodies, then conjured a flame in her hand.
“Our sovereign has decreed today, the twenty-fifth sundown of Spring, as the day of 
rebirth.” With a single motion, she lit the pit on fire.
I pressed my hands over my mouth, physically restraining myself from screaming as I 
watched the flames burn higher. The thought of not even being able to properly send 
off my parents clawed at my insides, making it harder to control my raging beast will.
“This is not a time for mourning or reflection of the past. Today is the start of a—”
The woman—Lyra Dreide—stopped in midsentence, scanning the crowd around me.
It was then that I felt the subtle shift in the air.
My hair stood on end, and I could feel the primal instincts of the elderwood guardian 
inside me tremble. Every fiber of my body told me I should get out of here.
I watched the bright flames dance in the pit as if mocking me. Rage and indignation 
bubbled in the pit of my stomach, but I knew it was too late.
Biting my lower lip, I took one last look at Lyra Dreide. I knew she wasn’t the one 
responsible for those black spikes that had killed Kathyln’s and my parents, but I 
wouldn’t forget her.
There was another shift in the air, and suddenly the Alacryan was talking to a figure 
that hadn’t been there the instant before. I thought I recognized his short black hair
and thin frame, but he had his back turned toward me. Regardless, my body screamed 
at me to run away, and, considering how much was at stake, I followed my instincts.
Staying low, I weaved through the crowd of numb men and women, burying my own 
feelings. Wiping the tears from my face, I headed towards the buildings in the hopes 
that I’d be able to squeeze through the alleyway to escape.
There were two Alacryan soldiers guarding the path that I had come from. It would’ve 
been smarter to wait for at least one of them to leave, but, behind me, I could feel the 
threatening presence growing closer.
Barely able to think over the sound of my own heart trying to break out of my ribcage, 
I ran past the Alacryan guards, blasting both with a gale of wind. Unlike the previous 
guards I had met, however, these Alacryans seemed ready.
One repelled my attack with her own blast of wind while the other managed to anchor 
himself to the ground, his entire body covered in reptilian scales made of stone.
The earth mage swung his arms, launching a barrage of the stone scales that covered 
his body while the female guard conjured a funnel of wind that pushed down on me 
from above like a giant fist, pushing me to my knees. Knowing that my presence had 
already been felt and there was no point trying to be subtle now, I ignited my beast 
will and shrouded myself in the protective green aura of the elderwood guardian.
The stone scales were repelled and the wind was deflected around the aura. Two 
translucent vines of mana shot out from me. The first plunged through the wind 
mage’s chest, killing her instantly. The second slammed into the thick, stone scales 
protecting the earth mage, who was sent flying into a nearby wall. I didn’t wait to see 
if he would get back up; I ran.
The dread in my heart grew. The threatening presence followed behind me like a 
shadow even as I reached the outskirts of the city. My plan had been to try and make 
it back through the gate, but I found it under heavy guard by Alacryan soldiers.
Cursing under my breath, I turned away, heading instead for the southwestern border 
of Etistin.
The closest city with a teleportation gate was Telmore, which was just off the western 
coast. If I could make it there and use the medallion, I could still get back to the shelter. 
It was possible that the Alacryans would expect this, though, and have the gate there 
blocked as well.
With that in mind, I didn’t go directly to Telmore, but made my way toward the shore, 
where the last major battle had occurred. From what I’d heard, General Varay had 
managed to build a massive field of ice in Etistin Bay. I held out a dim hope that I might 
find survivors of the battle hiding in the woods and hills near the bay.
After hours of darting through the hills and dense trees—without using magic so as 
not to leave signs for the Alacryans to follow—the sky had turned a deep orange from 
the setting sun. I knew I wasn’t too far from the coast, but I needed to rest. I could 
sleep for a few hours, then finish the journey. I didn’t believe what Lyra Dreide had 
said. There had to be soldiers on our side still fighting out there.
My mana-enhanced senses picked up a small movement nearby, making me stop midstep. I instantly realized I had made a mistake. I shouldn’t have made it known that I 
could sense someone.
“Get on your knees and show your back,” said a clear, authoritative voice from 
somewhere to my right.
I immediately got on my knees and lifted up the bottom of my tunic to reveal my lower 
and mid-back.
“Clear,” a deep voice grunted from behind me.
A lone figure walked into my line of sight, moving slowly, her hands held over her head 
in a sign of peace. She was thin and a head shorter than me, older than most soldiers 
I had seen on the battlefield, but her weathered face and toned body suggested a 
lifetime of hard work. Her expression was knitted into a suspicious scowl as she 
studied me.
She walked to within ten paces of where I knelt, then turned around slowly and lifted 
the back of her vest and shirt, revealing a tanned but otherwise unmarked back—clear 
of the markings that Alacryan mages had.
She turned back around but kept her distance.
“Nod for yes, shake for no. Are you alone?” she asked quietly, her gaze constantly 
flitting left and right.
I nodded.
“Okay,” she replied, walking closer and stretching out her hand. “I am—was the head 
of the third vanguard unit. You can call me Madam Astera. What is your name?”
Looking around uncomfortably, I leaned in close and whispered. “Tessia Eralith.”
Madam Astera clearly recognized my name, as she flinched when I said it. She 
otherwise retained her composure, however, simply nodding and gesturing for me to 
stand. With another quick gesture of her hand, the rest of her group appeared from 
the trees.
“We’re going back to base,” she said, her voice barely above a whisper.
The rest nodded and I found myself trailing right behind Madam Astera. We followed 
the base of a steep hill, which shielded us from prying eyes from the direction of the 
coast.
“Are you all soldiers of Dicathen?”
She nodded in reply, but did not break her stride as she led us through the thick 
undergrowth of this untraveled wilderness, her head constantly moving as she 
watched for potential danger.
“How many of you are there?”
“You’ll see soon enough, Princess,” she answered coolly. “For now we need to keep 
moving.”
I bit my lip. I needed information, not these non-answers. My patience gave way, and 
I stopped, forcing the entire party to halt. “I’m on my way to Telmore City. If we can 
rally more soldiers from the battle going on at Etistin Bay, then I can take—”
“Rally?” Madam Astera hissed, her gaze sharp as a dagger. She let out a sigh and held 
up a hand above her head.
The other Dicathians around us held their positions, most hidden behind trees, some 
crouched in shrubs and hollow logs.
“Follow me,” she muttered, climbing the steep hill we’d been using as cover.
I followed after her, using the jutting roots and rocks as footholds. Madam Astera got 
to the top first and her expression turned solemn. Finally reaching the top, I followed 
the line of her gaze and I felt the blood drain from my face as a sharp gasp escaped my 
throat.
Etistin Bay was directly below us. General Varay’s ice-field, which must have once been 
white and beautiful, had been transformed into a horrorscape of blood and gore; the 
snow and ice was splashed with pinks, reds, and maroons around the corpses—more 
corpses than I could count. Dark, smoky flames burned within many of the bodies, and 
many more had been impaled by the same obsidian spikes that had killed my parents.
“You asked if we could rally more soldiers…” Madam Astera said, her voice low and 
choked with emotion. “I don’t think there are any more soldiers to rally here, Princess.”
“She really is a princess.” The balding, bearish man named Herrick was studying me 
intently.
“You’re making her uncomfortable, you big oaf.” Nyphia, his female companion, 
punched him in the arm.
“Sorry… I’ve just never seen a real princess before,” Herrick mumbled, looking away 
from me.
I held back a smile as I listened to the two bicker. Nearby, Madam Astera was talking 
to a thinner man—not much older than me—who was huddled over and hugging his 
knees as his entire body trembled. The man, Jast, hadn’t said a word since we arrived, 
only muttering a string of incoherent words as he rocked back and forth, but Madam 
Astera had sat with him since we reached their camp, hidden in a remote cave, 
attempting to sooth him.
“He had it the worst,” Nyphia commented, her steely expression softening as she 
watched him. “He watched his entire unit slaughter each other in front of him.”
“Slaughter… each other?” I echoed, horrified.
Nyphia leaned close and whispered, “Tore each other apart like rabid animals. Horrible, 
just horrible.”
Nyphia scooted back to where she had been sitting. I found myself staring at her and 
Herrick, their bodies barely visible in the dim light. They were both riddled with 
injuries.
Herrick was missing his left hand, and by the blood seeping through the bandages 
wrapped around his wrist, I could tell that the wound was fairly recent. Nyphia had a 
bloody gash running down the side of her face, and every time she moved her body, 
she would wince ever so slightly.
I pitied the state they were in, but I admired the strength they showed. It felt good to 
be among soldiers again. Then I thought of my own team, and I felt a sick ache in my 
gut. What had happened to them, I wondered? I had barely had a moment to consider 
their fates after Elshire… Had they been at Etistin Bay? Were their corpses still lying 
in the red snow? A shiver ran down my spine as I watched through my mind’s eye as 
they turned on one another, like Jast’s unit, forced by some Alacryan magic to 
slaughter each other… I couldn’t bear the thought, and so let my mind go blank and 
empty, not thinking about anything at all.
After Jast had fallen asleep with his head buried in his knees, Madam Astera joined us 
at the back of the cave where we were sitting around a dim light artifact.
She sat across from me, and her look was so intense it was as if she was staring through 
my flesh and into my soul. Both Nyphia and Herrick had stopped talking, and it seemed 
like minutes before Madam Astera spoke again. When she did, it wasn’t what I had 
expected her to say.
“Fuck!” she hissed, pounding the hard ground with her fist. I could tell by their 
expressions that Nyphia and Herrick were just as taken aback by Madam Astera’s 
sudden outburst.
“It doesn’t bode well to see you out here, Princess.”
That’s when I realized the reason for her outburst: I wasn’t hurt, but I was in disguise 
and running for my life. My presence out here meant that something was very wrong.
“You’re right, it doesn’t. But before I explain the situation out there, can you tell me 
what happened? To my knowledge, we were winning the battle at Etistin Bay.”
“We were and we weren’t,” she said cryptically. “My understanding of events is filled 
with gaps since my unit was positioned towards the outskirts of the battle, but I’ll 
explain to the best of my ability.”
Madam Astera’s demeanor grew dark and solemn as she recounted her memory of the 
battle.
While General Varay and General Arthur were still present at the Battle of the 
Bloodfrost—as the massacre had been dubbed by the soldiers who escaped—the 
fighting had been one-sided. But as the battle progressed, it became more and more 
obvious that something was off. The enemy soldiers threw themselves into battle 
without formation, fled, or even begged for their lives. Madam Astera had even 
witnessed enemy soldiers sacrificing their comrades to save themselves.
Despite this, the higher ups continued the order to push forward. They wanted to take 
over the Alacryan ships docked at the far end of the ice field.
It was on the third day that the situation changed. Madam Astera couldn’t tell me 
exactly how it had started, but they knew something was wrong when the fresh 
vanguard, which was supposed to relieve the current front line’s position, didn’t 
arrive.
Then, Alacryan soldiers—actual soldiers marching in formation who clearly knew 
what they were doing—came from behind. The majority of the Dicathian forces on the 
field were now suddenly trapped between the bay and the Alacryan army. The 
carefully constructed fortifications no longer acted as a barrier protecting our 
conjurers and archers, but instead put their backs against the literal wall.
In the sky, high above the battleground, General Varay was fighting an enemy capable 
of holding his own against Dicathen’s strongest Lance. The Dicathian forces initially 
held strong, and the reserves were slowly regaining their footing after their initial 
surprise. Once Lance Mica joined the fight, it seemed likely that the Dicathians could 
turn the tide of the battle…
Then the man arrived.
In our dim cave, I felt as if a shadow had just passed over all who listened to Madam 
Astera’s recounting of the battle.
With the arrival of this new figure, the already-bloody battle turned into some kind of 
nightmare. Scores of obsidian spikes shot from the ground, skewering allies and 
enemies alike. Clouds of murky gray mist slowly spread over the battlefield, 
transforming affected troops into deranged monsters that attacked anything that 
came close. But the worst were the black flames, which swept through entire units of 
soldiers like a forest fire, leaving behind nothing but black blood and gray ash.
It was just one man, but that one man had been a walking catastrophe. Though the 
battle had raged for days, within hours of his arrival, Etistin Bay had been transformed 
into a graveyard, and the Battle of the Bloodfrost was over.
“How did any of you survive that?” I asked, awed and shaken by Madam Astera’s story.
“Luck, more than anything. The black fires, spikes, and smoke weren’t targeted, just 
spread randomly. Dicathians and Alacryans alike were affected. The Alacryans were in 
a state of chaos, so some of those who hadn’t died from the initial wave of magic were 
able to escape,” Madam Astera explained, her gaze falling on Herrick and Nyphia. 
“There are definitely other survivors hiding out here, assuming they haven’t already 
been caught and captured, which is why we’ve been going on these runs—we’ve been 
trying to find more allies.
“We found Jast just yesterday. He was attacked by an Alacryan patrol, but we were able 
to save him. These two are what’s left of my unit, and you’ve already met a few more 
of our number. They’ll be back soon. We’ve worked out a system where one group 
comes back while the other circles around just in case we’re followed.”
“How are your supplies looking?” I asked after a long pause.
“We can split the rations for four more days at the maximum,” she said matter-of-factly. 
“Besides sustenance, however, we have nothing. I only had one emergency medical kit, 
and that was used to patch up Herrick’s injury.”
The large soldier lowered his head, looking at the stump where his left hand used to 
be.
“Now, Princess. Tell us the situation out there. Is the war over? Have we lost?” Madam 
Astera asked, her large, piercing eyes focused on me.
I shifted my gaze to Herrick and Nyphia; they were staring back intently—hopeful, 
desperate.
I sat up and kept my expression stern and confident. “We lost this war, but it isn’t over.”
“Please elaborate,” Madam Astera insisted, leaning closer.
I showed them the medallion and told them about the shelter. I explained that 
Commander Virion and General Bairon were both there, along with General Arthur, a 
powerful diviner, and even an emitter. I told them about how the diviner had prepared 
supplies in advance and that all the necessary components were there to sustain 
hundreds, if not thousands, of people.
My message was not received in the way I’d expected. Instead of the hope I had sought 
to convey, Astera, Herrick, and Nyphia all wore identical looks of indignation.
“So the outcome of this entire war had been predicted? We were doomed to lose from 
the start?” Nyphia muttered, horrified.
My heart sank. “No! I mean—”
“Did the commander, General Arthur, and General Bairon flee the battle to save 
themselves?” Madam Astera asked, her voice seething with controlled rage.
“Of course not! They were attacked by a Scythe at the castle. They barely made it out 
of there alive,” I assured them, trying to regain control of the conversation.
Madam Astera’s head drooped and she buried her face in her hands. When she finally 
looked back up, her eyes were full of steel.
“Last question, and please answer honestly,” she said, her tone sending a chill down 
my spine. “Did they know?”
My mouth opened, but no sound came out. Could she honestly think that my 
grandfather would have sent them—any of them—into this battle if he’d known the 
outcome?
“Commander Virion. General Arthur. General Bairon. Did these three people know 
what was going to happen here?”
“No!” I snapped. “No one but Elder Rinia, the diviner, knew! And no one was angrier 
than those three about not being told. They blame themselves for how this war ended, 
but they’re still there, because they know it’s the only chance we have in taking back 
Dicathen!”
Madam Astera let out a shuddering breath. “I understand. So, what’s the plan? Did you 
travel here because the diviner knew our location?”
I bit my lip, unable to answer. I couldn’t just tell them that I had snuck out here alone 
on a selfish quest to bring back my parents, only to fail and be chased away. It was 
entirely up to luck that I’d been found by Madam Astera’s group.
“I’ve come to find Dicathians and bring as many as I can back with me to the refugee 
shelter,” I lied.
Though it was a lie, I was consoled by seeing Herrick and Nyphia smile at each other, 
excited at the fact that they’d be safe once they were there. Even Jast raised his head, 
his gaze momentarily sober and hopeful.
Madam Astera nodded but I couldn’t read her expression. Regardless, it was enough. 
They agreed to go with me to Telmore City, where we’d either sneak in or fight our 
way to the teleportation gate. All we had to do was wait for the rest of Madam Astera’s 
group to arrive.
An hour trickled by as we waited for more people to come, but no one did.
“They shouldn’t be out there for this long,” Madam Astera growled as she paced back 
and forth inside the cave. “I’ll go take a look—alone. Stay here.”
“It’ll take too long for you go out and search for them by yourself, then come back,” I 
argued. “We travelled north to get here, so if we go together and meet up with the rest 
of the group further south, it’ll be en route to Telmore City.”
“It will shave off at least half a day, depending on how fast we’re able to locate them,” 
Nyphia chimed in.
“I don’t like it, but you’re right. Princess, do you have any experience in tracking or 
scouting?” Madam Astera asked.
“I’ve had some training from my previous teacher on using wind magic for scouting, 
but my actual experience is minimal,” I answered, tightening my leather boots.
“So you specialize in wind, good. That’ll be useful out there,” she replied, turning to 
Jast. “How do you feel? You had another one of your episodes again.”
Jast stood up slowly, slinging a sack over his shoulder. “I’m a bit better now. Thank you, 
Madam Astera.”
“Then let’s get moving,” she ordered.
We left the cave through the small entrance, which we had covered in foliage; from the 
outside, the little hideout was nothing more than a slope at the base of a hill.
Staying low to the ground and several yards apart from each other, we made our way 
south through the forest. The trees here weren’t nearly as dense or lush as in the 
Elshire Forest—even the wildlife seemed scarce and timid.
The forest made me miss home, more than I ever had in the past. I had spent years in 
Sapin while I was at school, but the fact that I might not even have a home to go back 
to now really hit me. Even if the castle I grew up in was still there, what was the point? 
My parents were gone.
No. Not now, Tess. I swallowed the lump in my throat and took a deep breath. There 
would be a time to grieve once we were all safe. For now, I needed to focus on getting 
everyone back to the shelter.
I wasn’t sure how much time had passed while we searched for the missing soldiers, 
but suddenly Madam Astera let out a trilling whistle like a bird. This was her signal for 
us to stop and lie low.
It only took me a few seconds to catch on to what the leader had seen and heard—
something was moving just a few yards southeast from our position. It was too large 
to be a rodent or hare, and it seemed too clumsy to be a deer.
I caught the reflection of her thin sword through the bushes as she carefully stalked 
through the undergrowth. She moved with ease, as if gliding through the trees and 
foliage, and her presence was barely detectable even to me.
Despite the situation we were in, I couldn’t help but admire her prowess. Once she 
was settled, she would be a powerful ally—able to help smuggle more people away 
from the Alacryans.
I continued waiting, watching, my entire body tense, as Madam Astera was almost 
upon the thing, when she lurched to a stop and gestured for us to come.
With a sigh of relief, we all hurried over to where she was, only to find her crouched 
over an injured soldier—one of her missing group. Blood soaked his clothes and armor.
Beside me, Nyphia let out a gasp. “That’s Abath.”
She ran towards the injured man and I followed, just hearing the last part of what he 
was saying. “—was killed… a boy.”
As I puzzled over his words, my beast will suddenly ignited and every fiber in my body 
warned of imminent danger. It was as if a heavy blanket of carnal bloodlust had fallen 
over me; I was barely able to remain on my feet. Both Herrick and Nyphia fell to their 
knees, trembling, and Jast crumpled, curling up into the fetal position and shaking 
violently.
Desperate, I turned to Madam Astera. She was staring behind me, wide-eyed, her lips 
struggling to form the sounds as she muttered, “Y-you… in the battle…”
I knew—my entire body knew—that, unlike in Etistin, it was too late to run away this 
time. Willing myself to turn around, forcing my muscles to obey, I saw the face of a 
ghost. I saw a person that I hadn’t seen in years, a person I thought had died, that I had 
almost forgotten… a person that couldn’t possibly be standing here, now. Could he?
“Elijah?”
Elijah had changed tremendously. He was now a head taller than me, with skin as pale 
as alabaster, and his short, jet-black hair and sharp eyes made him look almost 
completely different.
Elijah chuckled, though I found no humor in the sound. “Long time no see, Tess. How’s 
Arthur doing?”
I shuddered as a sharp chill ran through me, raising gooseflesh along my arms and 
neck. Elijah and I had gone to school together—he was Art’s best friend. So why did 
his casual question sound so threatening?
“He’s doing fine,” I said stiffly, trying to stand taller as the pressure Elijah gave off 
continued to weigh down on me.
Elijah snorted. “Of course he’s doing fine. That fool has been as resilient as a cockroach 
ever since I’ve known him.”
My brows furrowed in confusion. What was going on? Why was Elijah speaking this 
way?
“Come on. Let’s go.”
“Go? Where?” I asked, my heartbeat quickening. “Elijah, what happened to you?”
Elijah flinched slightly at the mention of his name. “I’ll explain on the way. For now, 
it’d be best if you come with me.”
“Don’t!” a voice croaked from behind me. I looked back to see Madam Astera on her 
feet, her sword in hand.
“Honestly, it’s impressive that you can talk despite the pressure I’ve put on you,” Elijah 
said. “But I advise you not to speak again.
Madam Astera raised her sword, and though her hands shook with the effort, she 
pointed the tip directly at Elijah’s heart. “H-he’s the—the one… the battlefield.”
The instincts embedded into me through assimilation with my beast will caused my 
nerves to tingle as I sensed the danger; leaping back, I tackled Madam Astera. A 
familiar black spike, jutted from the ground where she had stood, blood dripping from 
its point.
Madam Astera groaned in pain, but my eyes remained glued to Elijah. “You?”
We were told that the only ones able to conjure those black spikes were the Scythes 
and their retainers. So why—how—was Elijah able to use their deviant magic?
“Are you with the Alacryans?” I asked, thunderstruck.
Elijah’s expression turned serious. “The Alacryans and I both have something we want 
to get out of this war. That is it.”
“It was you… You were at Etistin. Were you the one that—that…”
Elijah took a step toward us. “Step away from the woman, Tessia.”
“I refuse,” I said through gritted teeth.
“G-get out of here, Princess. It seems he can’t kill you,” Madam Astera whispered. 
“We’re no match. He slaughtered hundreds of soldiers at the bay. Not even… not even 
the Lances could stand before him. There’s no mistaking it.”
“I’ve trained and suffered for years for this, Tessia. Come with me and I’ll leave the 
others alone.”
I tightened my grip around Madam Astera.
Elijah sighed wearily. “Okay. I really didn’t want to leave you with any distasteful 
memories, but you give me no choice.”
I could sense that he was using his power before I saw the black spike pierce through 
the wounded soldier that we had just found, but there wasn’t anything I could do about 
it.
Madam Astera jerked in my grasp, trying to reach her fallen comrade, but I kept her 
down.
“Come with me, Tessia,” Elijah repeated.
My mind spun as I tried to think of a way out of this. I knew I couldn’t go with Elijah. 
He was purposely keeping me alive for something. My first thought was that he was 
going to use me as a hostage, but then Elijah said he didn’t want to leave me with any 
distasteful memories…
My nerves tingled as Elijah used his power again. In the distance, Jast had been pierced 
through the chest and hoisted into the air… just like my parents had been. The 
traumatized soldier’s expression wasn’t of pain but of surprise and confusion as he 
looked down at the obsidian spike that had taken his life.
“No!” Madam Astera screamed, trying to pry herself away from me.
“Now…” Elijah held out a pale hand. “Come—with—me.”
My gaze shifted from Jast’s corpse to Madam Astera, then to Nyphia’s and Herrick’s
prone forms.
He would just keep killing them one by one until only I was left, but if I went with 
him… Desperately, I grabbed the blade of Madam Astera’s sword and held it to my 
throat. “Don’t!”
Surprise flashed across Elijah’s face but was quickly replaced by a confident smirk. 
“You’re not going to kill yourself.”
I pressed the edge of the blade against my throat until I drew blood.
This was a dangerous gamble, one that could get us all killed, but I knew I couldn’t go 
with him—I knew something far worse than death might happen if I did.
“Stop.”
I held the blade in place, keeping my expression firm despite the sharp pain radiating 
from my self-inflicted wound. I can’t go with him, I can’t go with him, I repeated to 
myself, a mantra to harden my determination. Still, fear bubbled up in the pit of my 
stomach. I didn’t want to die now. I didn’t want to die.
The hand holding the blade trembled. The edge of the sword lowered, just a fraction 
of an inch, breaking contact with my skin. Instantly, a thin spike shot through Madam 
Astera’s sword, knocking it out of my hand.
“I’m sorry to risk your life like that, Tess, but I’ve waited too long,” Elijah said sincerely 
as he walked towards me.
I fell back and scrambled desperately away from the man that was once Arthur’s 
friend. What had happened to him?
Elijah flicked his wrist and another black spike shot up from the ground, impaling 
Herrick. I closed my eyes, but couldn’t escape Nyphia’s horrified screams as she 
watched her friend die.
Why was I so weak? Because of me, everyone here was going to die, and I couldn’t do 
anything about it. It was just like the battle in the Elshire Forest—all of those deaths 
had been caused by me. I opened my eyes again to see the world spinning and tipping. 
I felt like I was underwater, like I was drowning. The only noise I could hear was my 
frantic heart beat and my own short, desperate breaths.
Then a storm of golden-white light rained down on Elijah. Clouds of dust enveloped 
the entire area as trees fell and the ground crumbled.
Through the dust, a dragon as black as the starless night sky approached. Moments 
later, I could make out an all-too-familiar figure with a head of long auburn hair, 
holding someone. Faint golden markings glowed just beneath his eyes as he appeared. 
A mixture of emotions washed over me as my vision darkened: embarrassment, guilt, 
but most of all, relief.
“I’m sorry,” I said, not even able to hear my own voice, then the darkness took me.
ARTHUR LEYWIN
Within Static Void, I dropped Nyphia—who I had practically pried away from Herrick’s 
lifeless body—and scooped up Tess’s unconscious form. Slinging Tess over my 
shoulder, I snapped my fingers to get Nyphia’s attention.
“Help Madam Astera onto my bond,” I ordered, nodding my head at Sylvie, who was 
walking quickly towards us.
Nyphia, who had been staring at me blankly, snapped out of her daze and leapt to the 
task. She slung Madam Astera’s arm over her shoulders and helped her up onto Sylvie.
“What is this?” Madam Astera marveled as she climbed onto my bond’s back. Her right 
ankle was bleeding profusely.
Wordlessly, I handed Tessia up to her and made sure all three of them were secure 
before I withdrew Static Void. I ignored the fatigue around my mana core and jumped 
onto Sylvie’s back and we took off, flying high into the cloudy skies.
How easy would it have been if I had full control over aevum like Lord Indrath? I 
could’ve kept time frozen as I took everyone to safety. Of course, if I had the powers of 
an asura, things would never have escalated to this point.
‘Are you okay? You held that aether art for much longer than you’re used to,’ Sylvie asked, 
her concern emanating onto me.
I’ll be fine. Like before, in the ancient shelter, I had felt more in control and less drained 
while using Static Void. Perhaps it was the training I had done with Sylvie, or perhaps 
the time spent in the aether rich atmosphere, but I seemed to have finally taken a step 
forward in my mastery over the aether art. Were you able to get a close look at that 
Alacryan though? From those black spikes and the pressure he gave off, he was at least 
a retainer, and one we haven’t seen before.
‘I wasn’t able to make out his face either,’ she answered. ‘But he’s already approaching 
us.’
I sensed it too. We had climbed above the thick blanket of clouds and had traveled 
several miles, but I could feel the Alacryan’s presence not too far off.
Madam Astera was the next to sense our enemy’s approach. She jerked back, her face 
pale and expression grim.
She and I both knew that as soon as we landed, a battle would be inevitable—but that 
didn’t matter. I just needed to hold this person off until Madam Astera and Nyphia 
could get Tess through the portal safely. With the artifact she and I had, the portal 
would take us to the shelter where the rest of our party was waiting.
‘We’ll make it back,’ Sylvie assured me. ‘We’re much stronger than we were last time we 
fought a retainer.’
Considering that I had barely managed to wound a Scythe out of sheer luck, and I 
didn’t even have the blade with which I had accomplished that feat, I couldn’t help but 
feel a lingering doubt. Still, there were people waiting for me.
We continued flying in silence. Nyphia was doing her best to cope with the loss of her 
friend, trembling as she clutched something in her hands. I found myself staring at 
Madam Astera’s back as she held onto Tess. I didn’t think I’d meet the old soldier again 
after seeing her briefly at the battle of Etistin bay, but I was glad to have found her. She 
was exactly the type of soldier we needed now—
A sharp influx of mana behind us snapped me to attention. I whirled around, conjuring 
a dome-shaped barrier of ice. Several black spikes slammed into the ice barrier with 
enough force to shatter it. Drawing water-attribute mana from the dense clouds below 
us, I conjured a second frost barrier, but the barrage of black spikes continued 
unceasingly.
Sylv, dip lower into the clouds, I conveyed while manipulating the dense clouds to cover 
our movements.
‘Got it. We’re almost at Telmore City.’
We picked up speed during our descent, giving me enough time to prepare an attack. 
I readied a barrage of ice shards and released them in the general direction of the 
approaching Alacryan, using wind magic to propel them even faster and cause them 
to spin.
My spell punched dozens of holes through the clouds, and through one of them I could 
just make out the black dot that was our pursuer, unfazed by my attack.
Immediately after, the black dot multiplied and I found myself facing another two-
dozen black spikes the size of spears.
Faster! I snapped, unwilling to waste any more mana right now when a battle on the 
ground seemed inevitable. I could only pray that there wasn’t another retainer or 
Scythe waiting for us by the teleportation gate.
Finally, after speeding down through an endless expanse of murky gray, we burst 
through the cloud floor. Below, the city of Telmore suddenly appeared, its buildings 
and the ground they were built on fast approaching
Even with the wind buffer I had cast around us, Madam Astera and Nyphia had to 
clutch tightly to Sylvie’s back spines to keep from falling off.
‘Arthur! Help me with the landing!’ Sylvie mentally yelled as we approached the paved 
clearing in the middle of Telmore City. My gaze shifted back and forth between the 
approaching black spears and the ground.
“Hold on!” I roared as I ignited Realmheart and cast a powerful updraft just in time for 
Sylvie to spread her wings.
Simultaneously, I cast another barrier of ice over us as the black spears began raining 
down from above. This time, though, the spears burned right through the ice barrier.
Curling my hand into a fist, I dispelled the frozen barrier over us, shattering it and 
using the updraft to redirect at least some of the black spears.
I could barely make out the screams and shouts from the people below as they 
scattered.
Suddenly, Sylvie let out a cry and we jerked to the left and started spiraling out of 
control. She’d been struck in the right wing. I could feel her trying to shrug off the pain, 
trying to regain control of our descent. She began to coat the wing in mana and use 
vivum to close the wound, but we were growing perilously close to the ground. If she 
couldn’t slow our descent fast enough, we would crash into the pavement like a 
meteor.
I watched in growing horror as we plummeted toward the ground, still going much 
too fast. Just as it seemed all was lost, a green light emanated from around me.
Tess was awake and back up on her feet; the light had spread from her and onto Sylvie 
as green translucent tendrils of mana shot out from underneath us, embedding 
themselves into the ground and buildings around us.
Most of the translucent vines ripped apart as they tried to counter the speed of our 
fall, but we were definitely slowing down.
Trusting Sylvie and Tess to handle the fall, I focused my attention back to our pursuer, 
who was speeding towards us like an ebony comet.
Utilizing both fire and water, I conjured a blast of steam towards our enemy in order 
to obscure his vision, then released an arc of lightning. The blast of steam served as a 
powerful conductor for the electricity, creating a lightning-cloud that lit up the 
darkening sky in brilliant flashes of gold.
At the last moment, Sylvie cast a barrier of mana around us, and with Tess’s beast will 
slowing our fall, we were able to land on the ground without being crushed like bugs.
“Let’s go!” I snapped, picking Nyphia up by her waist as Tess and Madam Astera 
hopped off of Sylvie.
Madam Astera had enveloped a thick layer of mana around the wound on her right 
ankle to keep it from bleeding. It was only a temporary solution but a smart choice 
considering how little time we had.
“I can run!” Nyphia said, pulling free of my grip.
I let her go and we all began racing towards the podium only a few hundred feet east 
with Tess and Madam Astera leading the way. Sylvie changed into her human form and 
followed closely behind me, and I kept Nyphia right in front of me.
Tess glanced back over her shoulder at me as we ran. It was only for a split second, 
and no verbal exchange was made, but the face she made as she looked at me lingered 
in my mind.
There were Alacryan soldiers lined up in rows between us and the teleportation gate, 
but they weren’t the reason that every hair on my body stood on its end. I glanced back 
to see black fire burning away at the lightning cloud. My eyes widened in surprise at 
the sight of the black fire, the same power used by the Scythe I had fought in the castle.
Below it, a man stood on the ground where we had landed. With Realmheart still 
active, I could see the horrifying amount of mana coagulating, not just around him, but 
on the ground below us as well.
Could I risk using Static Void once more? It would take a minute, maybe more, for our 
entire group to make it to the portal without the help of mana. I wasn’t confident I 
could encompass all of us for that length of time. I glanced at Nyphia and Madam 
Astera. Could I abandon these two and lessen the burden?
“Arthur!” Sylvie shouted, urging me to do something—anything.
I cursed under my breath, but I made up my mind.
I used Static Void, but only on myself, then whirled around, digging my heels into the 
ground and dashing towards the Alacryan, frozen where he stood preparing his 
devastating attack.
Once I was right in front of him, I would drop Static Void and dispel his magic. As I 
sprinted toward him, I examined this enemy. He wasn’t a basilisk of the Vritra Clan, 
that much was clear, but he seemed much too powerful to be a mere retainer. Then I 
realized, and my concentration wavered, and Static Void shattered.
He seemed momentarily surprised by my sudden appearance just a few yards away 
from him, but it passed in an instant, replaced by an arrogant smirk.
His arms lowered, but the umbral energy still swirled around his hands as Elijah 
greeted me. “Long time no see, my dear old friend… Grey.”
My breath caught in my lungs and I stumbled to a halt. Elijah, who had been taken by 
Draneeve during the invasion at Xyrus Academy, was alive and standing in front of me.
“Elijah? W-what’s going on? How are you…” my voice trailed off as our eyes met. This 
was definitely Elijah, but everything about him seemed just a little off. His hair, his 
skin, even his age seemed slightly wrong. It was his eyes most of all, though. In them, 
I couldn’t find any sign of my friend.
With a sneer, Elijah leapt back, his arms swirling with a black aura.
I responded in turn, igniting Realmheart Physique to its fullest extent. From what I’d 
seen so far, his spell formations were almost instant. If I was going to get out of this 
alive, I needed to know where and how his spells were going to form beforehand.
I could see my bangs turn white while golden runes began pulsating on my skin. In 
Realmheart, with the otherworldly power of an asura coursing through my veins, I felt 
myself calming down—becoming detached from my emotions.
With a thought, I withdrew the only sword I had left in my dimension ring—the 
remaining sword of the pair that Senyir, Trodius’s daughter, had given me.
The golden sword slid out of its scabbard with a soft hum. Tightening my grip around 
its handle, I faced Elijah. A whirlwind of ash-like mana moved in spirals around his 
hands, ready to be unleashed.
I need to stop him. I’ll pry the answers out of him after that.
I dashed forward, closing the gap between us in three steps. I aimed for his midsection 
but a black spike erupted from the ground between us, parrying my swing.
“Why are you doing this, Elijah?” I leapt to the side, repositioning myself. I didn’t let 
him rest. The physical training I had done with Kordri kicked in and my feet blurred
in a series of complicated footwork maneuvers designed for sharp directional changes 
as I cut and thrust at every part of Elijah’s body with the golden blade. I even swung 
with the steel sheath, wielding it like a second sword.
“After what you’ve taken away from me, how can you ask me that, Grey?” Elijah replied, 
his voice seething with anger.
His eyes couldn’t keep up but the spikes, which appeared almost before I could decide 
to attack, seemed more like an automatic defense system than a willful conjuring.
Meanwhile Elijah cautiously backed away, his face tense but controlled as he 
continued preparing a spell.
I could see through Realmheart the form that this massive spell would take, which 
only put pressure on me to move faster and hit harder. My initial plan was to confront 
him in close combat in order to conserve my mana and to exploit his weakness, but as 
our clash dragged on, I realized it wouldn’t be as simple as just distracting him until 
the others could reach the portal.
Even while integrating elemental mana into my blade, the black flames swirling 
around his hands ate away at my weapon and my mana, continually growing larger 
after consuming my attacks. I was able to slice through the black spikes that seemed 
to endlessly appear and protect their master, but not without my blade sustaining 
damage as well.
With a blast of black fire, Elijah propelled himself back, putting distance between the 
two of us while I struggled to discard my outer robe, which had caught fire. A trail of 
the ash-like mana accumulated in a path from where Elijah now stood all the way to 
the portal. My friends and allies all stood in that path as they sprinted toward the lines 
of Alacryan soldiers.
Sylvie, I called out in my mind, sharing with her the path of Elijah’s spell. I felt a jolt of 
panic as she understood what it meant.
“Damn it, Elijah,” I whispered. Dropping the steel scabbard on the ground, I imbued 
more mana into the golden sword and swung at Elijah.
Crescents of mana, dozens of them, carved through the air toward Elijah, leaving thin 
gouges in the ground where they passed.
Elijah was forced to release his attack prematurely. The ground began to crack and 
crumble along the path of the spell, and massive chunks of stone and earth rose up 
into the air around us. Thrusting his palms forward, Elijah unleashed a score of 
obsidian spikes from the ground and the large chunks of stone floating in the air. Like 
the inside of a massive tunnelworm’s mouth, rows and rows of sharp fangs shot out, 
tearing apart my spell.
Sylvie’s mental signal let me know the group was a safe distance away, allowing me to 
focus entirely on Elijah.
Realmheart allowed me to see where the spikes would shoot out from and even how 
large they were before the spikes even manifested.
I infused my body with electricity, stimulating and forcibly enhancing my reflexes. I 
tuned everything out and focused solely on the path leading me to my opponent.
Now.
Blood pumped through my limbs and the muscles in my legs and core tensed. I pushed 
off with my back foot, feeling the paved ground beneath crumbling from the force. I 
shot forward, trusting my instincts to take me to the exact location that I wished.
Like a well-orchestrated performance, a black spike shot out from the ground just 
where my feet were, giving me another foothold to push off from. Despite the 
seemingly random pattern in which the black spears exploded out from the ground, I 
was always at the right place at the right time.
I weaved through the jungle of black fangs, and more and more spikes shot out in all 
directions as I neared Elijah.
Stabbing my golden blade forward, I released a bolt of lightning that glowed black 
under the influence of Realmheart Physique. Three black horns jutted out in front of 
Elijah, conducting and redirecting the blast of lightning. The black tendrils of 
electricity spiraled down the thick black spikes that Elijah had conjured, destroying 
the ground.
Elijah snarled as mana gathered around his lower face. Black fire roared from his 
mouth as he bellowed like a dragon. The hellfire grew stronger as it approached, 
consuming the black spikes as fuel.
I was about to initiate Static Void to maneuver past the black fire, close the distance, 
and finish it cleanly from behind. Even if I couldn’t land a killing blow, I could injure 
him heavily enough to change the tide of battle.
But Sylvie’s voice screamed in my mind. ‘Arthur, the gate!’
Sharing our thoughts, I could sense Sylvie shifting back into her draconic form while 
Tess, Madam Astera, and Nyphia fought off the remaining Alacryan soldiers.
Trusting her, I held my ground and released Thunderclap Impulse. The tinge of 
electricity around my body faded and I pushed my mana into my next attack, holding 
my sword close to my body with its tip pointed at the approaching fire. White fire 
ignited along the blade, shining like liquid pearl as I imbued more and more mana into 
the weapon to fuel my attack.
A concentrated blast of pure mana shot out from behind me, enveloping Elijah 
completely and interrupting his continued expulsion of the dark fire. The hellblaze 
he’d already conjured no longer grew in size, but continued its fast approach.
Gathering as much power into my spell as I could, I waited until the last moment 
before thrusting my sword forward, releasing the white flame with a burst of cold that 
covered my clothes in frost and froze the ground around me.
A swirling cone of white frostfire ripped out of my sword and clashed against the 
raging black inferno.
The resulting shockwave of force pushed me backwards even as I used wind magic to 
try and keep myself steady. The golden blade of my sword shattered from the stress of 
conjuring the spell, but my frostfire ate away at his hellfire until both spells were gone.
Is everyone okay? I asked my bond.
‘Yes. No one was hurt… on our side.’
I glanced back to see the scope of the damage from Elijah’s spell. The black fire hadn’t 
been able to move past me, but the spikes reached all the way to the teleportation gate.
All around the gate, the bodies of the Alacryan guards hung from the black spikes like 
ghastly fruit.
Can you guys reach the portal? I asked.
‘No. I can break the black spikes but even then, it’ll take some time to make it to where 
the portal was buried.’
I needed to get Sylvie, Tess, Madam Astera, and Nyphia away from the battle, but if I 
used a spell powerful enough to clear the forest of black spikes, I might also destroy 
the teleportation gate. But I couldn’t just wait for more Alacryans—perhaps even a 
retainer or Scythe—to show up while we tried to fish the gate out.
Suddenly, a blast of black fire exploded into view from the crater where Elijah was.
With a hand clad in frostfire, I parried the sphere of hellfire, deflecting it into a nearby 
building, causing the entire structure to collapse. The fire ate away at the rubble, 
growing larger until everything was consumed.
Elijah walked out of the crater, apparently unharmed.
“Who are you?” I asked, thinking about his first words to me.
Elijah sneered, an expression I couldn’t recall seeing on his face before. “You’re 
smarter than that. I guess the years of living comfortably in this world have made you 
soft.”
Elijah lifted his hands, but before his spell could manifest, I was already within arm’s 
reach of his face.
Weaponless, I swung my wind-infused fist downward. Another black spike jutted out 
to protect Elijah’s face from my blow, but I didn’t stop. With wind propelling my swing 
and pure mana strengthening the force of my blow, I crushed through the damned 
spike and landed the punch right on Elijah’s jaw.
The sound of crashing thunder resounded through the streets from the impact of my 
blow, and Elijah’s body was buried into the ground.
“You’re not Elijah, so I’m going to ask this one more time. Who the hell are you?”
Elijah stood back up from the hole his body had created in the ground. His jaw had 
been shattered and most of his teeth were gone, but smoky black embers were 
burning across his face, and the injuries that he had sustained were recovering.
Of course he has regenerative abilities, I thought, grimacing at the pain radiating from 
my fractures knuckles.
My frustration grew as scores of Alacryan soldiers came rushing towards us from both 
sides. If things progressed like this, I’d have to fight hundreds of soldiers as well as 
Elijah.
“Arthur!” Tessia yelled from behind me. Sylvie and Tess were running towards where 
I stood.
“Stay back!” I roared, my voice carrying an otherworldly power as Realmheart 
Physique’s effects grew stronger. I released an arc of lightning at Elijah before he could 
fully recover, trying to keep him down in the crater.
‘Elijah won’t kill Tessia,’ Sylvie thought. ‘He could’ve killed her multiple times before we 
arrived but he didn’t.’
There are more Alacryans coming. It’s still too dangerous—just get her out of here!
Sylvie’s anger exploded like a hot iron in my brain.
‘No! Why must you always go about life-threatening situations on your own! I am your 
partner, not some gopher to escort your princess to safety.’
Sylvie, please, I pleaded. I couldn’t let either of them get hurt, and Sylvie knew that.
‘We fight together, and we get out of this together,’ she said resolutely, her uneasiness 
leaking through our connection.
Realizing it was no good, I shifted my gaze to Madam Astera. A deep crimson aura 
encased her sword as she and Nyphia slowly but surely began hacking down the 
hundreds of black spikes that stood between us and the teleportation gate.
Damn it, Sylvie. Fine, you and Tess keep the Alacryans away. We just need to hold out 
until the others can make a path to the portal.
‘Good plan.’
“Elijah” and I were roughly equal in terms of power. I was faster and stronger 
physically, but he was more than able to make up for it using the black spike magic 
that Uto had used, alongside an even more powerful black fire—the same magic that 
the Scythe who killed Elder Buhnd had used.
I dashed towards Elijah. Friend or not, I needed to stop him.
Seeing me approach, Elijah conjured another volley of obsidian spears and fired them 
at me.
I can do this, I thought. Elijah’s control over the black spikes and the speed with which 
they were formed wasn’t on the level of Uto, and I had gotten much stronger since my 
fight against him.
With mana pumping through my veins and coalesced around my body, I easily dodged 
the spears, keeping my movements minimal. Then a wave of black fire shot out from 
Elijah’s palms.
Not willing to waste mana on confronting the hellfire head on, I leapt over it.
Out of the corner of my eye I could see the fight going at the edge of the crater. Golden 
lights flashed from Sylvie’s attacks while tendrils of green whirled and whipped 
around Tessia.
Comforted by the fact that they were holding their own despite the overwhelming 
numbers against them, I focused on my opponent.
Rather than going for raw power like Elijah, I used my mana efficiently. Still in the air, 
I coalesced different attributes together to form several condensed bullets of varying 
colors. With a burst of blue fire, aided by wind magic, the five bullets shot through the 
air, visible as streaks of light like multicolored lasers.
Three were blocked by the black spikes, but one grazed his leg and another hit him 
squarely in his arm, burning a hole through his limb.
I landed in a forward run, frost accumulating around my arm as I closed in on my 
opponent.
“You’re no match for me in this world, Grey,” Elijah snarled as he jumped backwards 
and conjured a thin layer of smoke around him.
With Realmheart active, I could tell that this spell was similar to the very first retainer 
that I had fought, who was able to conjure and manipulate deadly toxins and poisons.
“Don’t let that gas touch you!” Tess shouted from the edge of the crater.
The gas wove together and snapped out like a serpent striking at its prey.
Skidding to a stop, I used the ice-attuned mana surrounding my arms and slashed at 
the air. A shimmering crescent-shaped blade of white fire tore free from my swing, 
cutting through the air and leaving a trail of frost in its path.
The spell sliced through the snake-like formation, freezing it solid. The icy crescent 
nicked Elijah in the shoulder, leaving behind a patch of blue-white ice, which 
immediately began spreading, freezing his left arm.
Elijah thrust his right palm forward. Four black spikes erupted from the ground 
around me, only two of which I managed to avoid. One had pierced through my ankle 
and the other grazed my side.
I buckled, unable to support myself on the injured ankle. Meanwhile, Elijah’s arms, one 
frozen and another with a charred hole through it, were both healing.
Damn it! He can heal so fast, he’s willing to sacrifice his limbs just to give me injuries.
My wounds were healing as well, but the spikes that had pierced through me were 
coated in poison, and it was interfering with my own regenerative abilities.
I looked for an opening to use Static Void once more—I needed to end this soon—but 
Elijah seemed to be conscious of my abilities. He had positioned spikes around himself 
in such a way that I couldn’t get into direct range without him being able to react. His 
black fire directly countered many of my spells, while his spikes were able to conduct 
and redirect my lightning.
His weakness was hand-to-hand combat, but he was shrewd. Elijah was playing a 
game of tactics, keeping me in range while slowly whittling me down despite my 
superior speed and strength.
I have to assume that his mana pool is greater than mine, based on the amount of magic 
he has thrown around. If I want to win this fight soon, I need more power.
I struggled to think of a plan. I wasn’t sure what I could throw at him that he couldn’t 
counter, and he didn’t need to defeat me, only to keep me here until reinforcements 
arrived. As my mind whirled, a cool and comforting sensation resonated from my core. 
It was from Sylvia’s dragon will.
It told me to let it take control—Sylvia told me to let her take control.
Frustration, anxiety, doubt, and fear—all of those emotions faded as a shroud of black 
lightning crackled around me. I let myself sink deeper into the cold embrace of 
Realmheart; the feeling reminded me of Lord Indrath, Sylvie’s grandfather. He had that 
lofty, detached air around him, as if he wasn’t a part of this world but above it. I started 
to realize why.
As aether continued to coalesce around me, weaving its ethereal tendrils into my body, 
I could see the runes spreading and connecting with one another along my arms. I felt 
calloused—numb—as the power from Sylvia’s dragon will flowed freely for the first 
time. It was an intoxicating feeling.
I was a king in my previous life, and I stood as one of the pinnacles of strength on the 
continent of Dicathen in this life, but what I felt now was true—divine—power.
‘Arthur! Stop! You’re hurting yourself,’ Sylvie begged, but I pushed her fears aside. I was 
tired of losing battle after battle. Uto, Cylrit, the Scythe—I had lost to them all.
Not today, especially not against this fraud who had possessed the body of my closest 
friend.
The tendrils of lightning shifted in color as they coiled around my body. I could see the 
aether being drawn to me, turning the black lightning a dark, dark purple.
‘Arthur!’ Sylvie roared, her voice farther away now.
Confident and ready, I took a step. The earth shattered beneath my feet, and I found 
myself standing behind Elijah, although he was still looking at where I had stood 
before.
I extended an arm and the aetheric lightning shot out like a whip. Elijah barely 
managed to shift his black spears in the way of my attack, but he flew back from the 
impact, crashing into the side of the crater where Sylvie and Tess fought the Alacryan 
soldiers.
Taking another step, I cleared the distance in an instant and hung in the air above him. 
The shroud of lightning around me lashed out in all directions, arcing and forking 
towards the Alacryans closest to me and piercing through their armor and bodies as 
if they were made of paper.
Several Alacryans retaliated with spells of their own, but the blasts of fire and shards 
of ice and stone shattered against the lightning protecting me.
My eyes gazed down at the hundreds of Alacryans looking up at me like a god.
‘…hurting… sto—’ My brows furrowed in annoyance. Couldn’t she see what I was 
capable of now? I could stop them. I could kill them all.
Suddenly a black inferno roared outward, enveloping me in a shadowy vortex.
The shroud of lightning and aether around me grew, striking out at the whirling 
darkness. Embers clung to the lightning tendrils, some sticking to my body, but they 
didn’t bother me.
With another thought, the shroud of lightning was replaced by a nimbus of purplewhite fire tinged with aether. The black fire sizzled out of existence at the frostfire’s 
touch.
I made a slashing motion with my arms and a ripple of white flames undulated 
outward, freezing and shattering everything in its path. With another flick of my wrist, 
a pulse of white aetheric fire burst forth, engulfing Elijah. He was smashed back into 
the frozen ground. As the mist and dust subsided, I could see him again, clothes and 
hair disheveled, arms crossed over his face, and the remains of frozen black spikes 
scattered around him.
He looked back up at me, brows furrowed, sweat beading on his forehead… biting his 
lower lip in a grimace.
A twinge of remorse burrowed through the veil of apathy that hung over me at the 
familiar sight. Elijah looked so familiar, yet so unfamiliar at the same time. Why?
The question fell away as soon as it formed. It didn’t matter. I needed to defeat him… 
to kill him, if I could. He was too dangerous to live.
As more and more of Sylvia’s dragon will flowed out of my core and through my veins, 
the old dragon’s voice became clearer. Memories of my time with her in that cave 
began to surface, and I began to trust in that voice more and more.
I let the otherworldly power take control over my body and my mind—whatever it 
took to kill Elijah and get Tess and Sylvie to safety.
Had I broken through past the white core stage? Was this Sylvia’s message to me—to 
destroy anyone who posed a risk to those precious to me?
That had to be it. Why else would I be hearing Sylvia’s voice right now? What other 
explanation for this sudden influx of power could there be?
‘Arth—plea—stroying—ody… ’
I pushed away my bond’s voice. She didn’t understand; she didn’t know. She didn’t 
know of Sylvia’s promise to me—that she had a message for me once I had broken past 
the white core stage.
My vision was tinged a shade of lavender as aether gathered around me. The motes of 
purple danced as if celebrating my ascension to the throne.
I truly felt like a deity… like an asura.
Shifting my attention back to Elijah, I noticed his gaze kept flitting off to the side as if 
he expected to see something there—or someone.
I let out a breath and the motes of aether fluttered in front of me. Raising an arm 
completely enveloped in a golden aura, I flicked my wrist. The blade of wind whistled 
as it cut the air, aimed at Elijah’s chest. As it flew, aether molded around it, causing the 
razor-thin crescent to glow purple.
Rows of black spikes, ablaze with hellfire, erupted from the ground in front of him, but 
the silvery-purple crescent sheared through the rows of black spikes like they were 
made of butter.
Elijah, realizing that his defenses were useless, barely managed to throw himself out 
of the way, but not in time to avoid the spell entirely. He let out a howl of pain, clutching 
what was left of his severed arm. Even then, he dared to launch another attack at me.
I smirked as I took a step in the air. With control of spatium, the motes of aether 
converged into a bridge in front of me, and that single step cleared dozens of yards 
instantly and without using any physical strength. It was as if the very world had
folded in front of me.
Elijah’s eyes widened in shock as I held out a hand. Aether converged around the stub 
of his right arm, where his hellfire was currently regenerating the lost limb. Under my 
influence, the black fire turned purple, and rather than heal him, it began to eat away 
at his flesh.
“Not a match, you say?” I mocked, my voice ethereal to my own ears.
Elijah bit his lower lip harder, stifling a scream. He wasn’t broken, though, I had to give 
him that. My old friend spit out a mouthful of blood and scoffed at me. “I knew you’d 
show your true face. Whatever name and appearance you take on, you’ll always be the 
same, Grey.”
My eyes narrowed but the cool blanket of apathy diffused the loathing carried by his 
words. Only one thought pounded like a drum within my mind: that this person—
Elijah, my once-close friend—was trying to harm Tess.
“Goodbye,” I said softly, raising a hand to finish the job.
‘Arthur! Dodge!’ Sylvie’s voice suddenly screamed in my head.
Pure instinct took hold and I kicked forward, pushing myself back just as a blazing 
black pillar erupted from the ground where I had been standing.
I berated myself for becoming so hyper-focused on Elijah, to the point where I didn’t 
notice the fluctuation of magic even through Realmheart.
The black flame barely grazed my left foot but the difference in power was evident. 
The intensity and speed of the conjuration was on a different level from Elijah’s black 
flames. Even with aether currently surrounding my body like a protective shield, I felt 
a scalding pain radiating from my foot.
Following the trail of mana fluctuation, I shifted my gaze to my right and up in the sky. 
A slow, hungry smile spread across my face, and I could feel Sylvia shake in anger and 
anticipation inside me, as if even her will knew who was responsible for her death.
My body, bathed in an aether-tinged golden light, glowed brighter and stronger. This 
time would be different from the castle.
The Scythe arrived beside Elijah, his face a mask of poised indifference.
He laid a hand on the purple flame eating away at where Elijah’s arm used to be and it 
was replaced by a smoldering black flame that began slowly, but visibly, regenerating 
Elijah’s arm.
Rather than rush in to fight, I kept my distance, taking advantage of the time to heal 
my foot using vivum. I could feel Sylvie’s healing touch as well, though she was largely 
focused on keeping the Alacryans at bay with Tess. The battle around me seemed to 
have ground to a standstill, neither side sure what to do in the presence of Elijah, the 
Scythe, and myself.
“You made it clear to me that you’d win against your friend,” the Scythe said, looking 
down at Elijah.
“I can—I was—until he entered that form,” Elijah said, grimacing.
“No matter. The fault is mine. I let him live in exchange for keeping the castle in one 
piece as Lord Agrona had ordered.”
The Scythe’s nonchalance, the way he disregarded my very presence, festered like an 
itchy sore until I wasn’t able to hold it back any longer.
The aether around me formed into a bridge once more, connecting me to where Elijah 
and the Scythe were standing. I stepped forward and the world folded in front of me, 
carrying me to them. Aetheric lightning flashed as I pummeled the Scythe in the 
stomach.
A shockwave blasted outward from the impact, throwing Elijah back and sending 
many of the other Alacryans in the vicinity tumbling to the ground. A web of cracks 
formed where my fist struck the Scythe’s armor, but he hadn’t even flinched.
“We’re no longer in the castle, so it’s acceptable for me to be a bit excessive,” he stated, 
a thin smile appearing on his passive face.
A shadowy wave of fire erupted from his hand as he waved it casually, engulfing me 
and everything behind me. Aether swirled around me, protecting me from the hellfire 
that ignited even the air and ground.
Despite the cone-shaped path of devastation behind me, which had incinerated every 
Alacryan in its way, I was still standing.
Now, though, I had more than one opponent to worry about, and Elijah was flying 
towards Tess instead of joining the fight.
The thought of Elijah reaching Tess was sobering. The cold blanket of apathy that had 
covered my mind frayed, and the single-minded thought of killing the Scythe and 
“winning” faded until I could think more clearly.
Vision and mind renewed, I became deeply aware of everything going on around me: 
the Alacryans burned to ashes; Tess, Sylvie, Nyphia, and Madam Astera fighting for 
safety rather than victory, and myself. I was aware of the change in my body and also 
the current state of my body. I chose not to fear the inevitable, instead using it to fuel 
my motivation to get the rest of them back to the shelter. I guarded my mind so Sylvie 
wouldn’t find out.
I was clear-minded and had control over the full, unrestrained, power of Realmheart. 
I could do this. I had to do this.
I immediately went after Elijah. Spatium carried me to where he was in another single 
step. My fist struck him on his side and I could feel his ribs shattering under the force 
despite the wave of smoky fire that attempted to absorb some of the damage.
Elijah fell from the air, his body whirling out of control before crashing through the 
side of a building.
Mana fluctuations rippled in the air all around me, and I knew what was coming.
Pushing myself away with a compressed blast of fire, I narrowly dodged a series of 
sudden combustions in the air as hellflames bloomed around me like deadly black 
flowers.
The black conflagrations suddenly stopped as Sylvie breathed a shockwave of pure 
mana at the Scythe.
Pushing aside my worries and trusting my bond, I flew past where Tess was still 
fighting the Alacryans. Even while surrounded, the translucent-green vines around 
her acted as if they had minds of their own. Whipping, striking, piercing her foes, it 
was hard to tell who was actually at a disadvantage.
Though I wanted nothing more than to fight by her side, I knew she would be fine for 
now, so I made my way to where the teleportation gate had been buried beneath a hill 
of black spikes. There, I spotted Nyphia slowly chipping away at the black spikes while 
Madam Astera held off several dozen Alacryan mages by herself.
I unleashed a blast of frostfire at the Alacryans, freezing half of them in a single spell.
I ignored the rest, letting Madam Astera handle it while I got to work on the black 
spikes.
While half-tempted to release a torrent of lightning, I was afraid that the gate would 
be damaged, so I wreathed my fists in lightning and charged forth.
“Madam Astera! Help Tess and get her here!” I ordered.
“Got it!” Madam Astera leapt out of the way as I punched through the scores of black 
spikes blocking the teleportation gate.
My lightning-clad fists shredded through the layers of black spikes, but I kept my 
senses clear in case Elijah or the Scythe approached.
A piercing scream suddenly invaded my thoughts. Sylvie! I called out as her mind 
reeled from a tide of pain that even I could feel through our connection.
‘Just keep… going!’
I could feel the ground shake with every explosion of black flame and pure mana as 
my bond faced the Scythe, but I continued to push forth until I could see the faint glow 
of the teleportation gate.
Almost there!
Suddenly the sky darkened and a shadow fell over me. Realmheart continued to cycle 
through me, burning away at my own body, but I relied on it once more as I layered 
aether over the frostfire surrounding my hands.
I pushed, sending out a shockwave of aetheric ice straight at the black hellfire descending 
on the teleportation gate.
A shockwave rippled out from the impact, shattering some of the black spikes. The 
teleportation gate quivered and flickered, but the ancient portal held strong, and now 
there was a path directly to it. Tess, Nyphia, and Madam Astera were sprinting through 
the narrow channel between walls of black spikes.
“Hurry! Through the portal!” I roared as the three of them ran past me.
Tess turned back, facing me as she ran backwards towards the portal. “What about 
you?”
“I have my own medallion. I’ll meet you back at the shelter with Sylvie. Now go!”
“Grey! You can’t do this to me! Not again!” Elijah shouted from above, diving desperately 
toward the portal. “Not after what you did to me and Cecilia!”
Elijah’s words struck me like thunder, and I almost let him get to the portal.
With aether under my command, I was able to close the distance just as he was about 
to fire a black spear at the gate. Wounded and tired, Elijah wasn’t a match for me while 
I was in this state.
I wrapped my aether-strengthened hand around his throat, threatening to crush his 
windpipe.
“How do you know that name,” I growled.
“Looks like you’re finally… sober,” he wheezed. “If you weren’t—under the influence of 
that power that’s—killing you right now—you might’ve already figured it out.”
I squeezed harder, making him gag, then loosening my grip. “Who are you?”
Elijah spat on my face, then smiled, revealing his blood-stained teeth. “I was your 
best—best friend, and you killed my fiance e right in front of me.”
My grip loosened, my head swam, and my entire body felt like it was submerged in tar. 
My heart seemed to have forgotten its rhythm. My throat tightened as if I were the one 
with the fist crushing my windpipe. It couldn’t be… could it?
“Nico?”
Explosions of black and gold from Sylvie’s and the Scythe’s battle lit up the battleground 
in the distance, but I was focused on the man I had in my grasp.
“It can’t—no, it's impossible. There’s no way—”
“That I’m… Nico?” Elijah coughed as he pried my fingers apart just enough so he could 
speak. “If you’ve reincarnated into this world, Grey, why is it impossible for anyone 
else to have done so?”
The hand currently wrapped around his throat trembled uncontrollably. I squeezed 
harder. I didn’t want him to talk. I wanted to deny everything. I couldn’t bear whatever 
it was that he was about to say.
“Art! Watch out!”
Tess’s scream jolted me out of my thoughts, but I couldn’t fully dodge the back spike 
that Elijah had launched from the ground.
My grip around his neck loosened and Elijah took advantage of that moment perfectly, 
prying himself loose and punching me square in the jaw with a hellfire-clad fist.
I swayed, nearly losing consciousness, but the runes coursing down my face protected 
me from the black flames. I started to fall, but a hand grabbed my wrist.
As my weakened body struggled to counteract the otherworldly toxins that had 
entered my body from the black spike, Elijah lifted me up by my collar and pulled me 
close. His piercing dark eyes glared down at me while the venom-coated black spike 
hovered over his shoulder, its tip pointed at my face.
“Art!” Tess shouted. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see her aura flaring as she 
prepared to attack.
“Focus on the gate!” I roared. The world started to spin, and it was difficult to tell 
where up ended and down began.
Elijah had turned toward Tess, but just as he was about to go to her, I grabbed his arm.
“What did Agrona do to you, Elijah?” I groaned. “Did he make you say all of this?”
Elijah’s head snapped back to me, and his voice dripped with venom when he spoke 
again. “Do you think even Agrona would know how you and I used to steal and sell 
whatever we scrounged to the pawn shop? And that we’d use the earnings to keep our 
orphanage funded without Wilbeck knowing?”
“That… doesn’t mean—”
“Do you think Agrona knows that deep down, you had feelings for Cecilia?”
I stiffened and the spinning world suddenly came back into focus.
Elijah smirked, but his eyes remained cold. “Cecilia liked you for a time as well, did you 
know that? But she gave up on you, because you kept your distance emotionally after 
you found out that I had feelings for her.”
“Stop,” I whispered, but the anger provided clarity, and I felt my mana core flaring up 
inside me. The runes spread across my body pulsed as I focused on gathering strength.
“And even when I told you everything I had uncovered about Lady Vera, you turned 
your back on your best friend for that bitch,” he seethed, black flames dancing along 
his hands. “And as if that wasn’t enough, you killed her! You killed Cecilia in front of 
me!”
My runes and his flames waged a constant battle, but for the moment, it was a stalemate.
“Stop, Nico!” I cried, unable to help the tears rolling down my cheeks.
Another explosion rocked the city, the shockwave creating a gust of wind that blew 
dust and debris even as far as Nico and me.
At that moment, a translucent-green blade of mana shot from the ground below. The 
black spike previously pointed at my face swung through the air to block the green 
crescent, but that gave me the opportunity to let out a blast of frost right at Nico’s face.
From the shoulder up, Nico was frozen solid, though the black flame started melting 
the ice almost immediately. Still, I managed to kick myself free from his grasp and 
launch an arc of lighting at his chest while he was still disoriented.
Nico crashed to the ground, a cloud of dust rising from the area where he had landed.
Are you okay? I asked my bond, worried about her after that last explosion.
‘I’m fine. It’s weird, he’s definitely attacking me, but it feels like he’s holding back,’ she 
responded. ‘How are things going over there?’
Not so good, I admitted. But I’ll be able to hold my own. I just need to get Tess and the 
others through the gate.
Just as I finished that thought, a large fluctuation of mana from where Nico had landed 
drew my attention. He was preparing a spell—a powerful one—but it wasn’t aimed at 
me.
I immediately burst through the air, landing on the ground right between Nico and the 
teleportation gate.
A concentrated beam of hellfire the width of a wrist pierced through the cloud of dust 
and debris, targeting the gate.
Squeezing mana from my core and begging the aether around me for aid, I countered 
with a swirling barrier of aetheric wind. While ice would’ve been a better choice to 
effectively negate Nico’s attack, the toll of sustaining Realmheart for this long was
becoming more and more evident.
Embers of hellfire that had managed to make it through my wind barrier burned 
through my skin like acid. I could feel myself healing, but even the act of regeneration 
hurt, like my body was begging me to stop getting injured.
Sustaining the barrier, I looked back over my shoulder, snapping impatiently at Tess. 
“He’s trying to destroy the gate! Hurry up and activate it and escape!”
“It’s almost done! But what about you and Sylvie?” Tess shouted as she continued to 
hold the ancient medallion up against the center of the glowing ring, which was slowly 
turning to purple.
“Just go! Please!” I begged her.
“No!” Nico shouted. He withdrew his concentrated beam and burst forward to try and 
get past me. However, despite the poor state of my body, my reflexes were still a lot 
faster than his.
I pivoted and launched myself into him, tackling Nico to the ground and pinning him.
“Let go!” he roared as he flailed, trying to escape my grasp.
Small embers of hellfire ignited throughout his body, but I held strong with the help of 
aether.
“Hurry up!” I shouted, feeling the black flames slowly burn through the layer of aether 
and mana protecting me.
Nico suddenly stopped trying to break free and his whole body started to shiver. He 
looked me in the eyes and said, “You owe me, Grey. You owe me for killing Cecilia!”
“So that’s what it is? Cecilia died so you have to have Tess to make it even?” I said, 
disbelieving. “I didn’t mean to kill Cecilia, but even if I had, she wouldn’t have wanted 
this, Nico! Taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back!”
“What if it is?” Nico shot back.
Unsure as to his meaning, I didn’t answer. However, I saw the mana fluctuation in his 
hand as he willed another black spike from the ground. I quickly spun, using him as a 
shield against his own spell. He was able to stop the spike from piercing both of us. A 
guttural cry of frustration tore free of his throat as he tried desperately to break free 
from my grasp.
Just then, another, larger explosion came from where Sylvie was fighting against the 
Scythe.
What’s going on? Are you okay? I asked, my concern bleeding into my bond.
‘I’m… fine, but the Scythe is heading your way,’ she replied, and even her mental voice 
sounded pained.
I immediately felt it—the presence of the Scythe approaching. His presence was 
accompanied by the rapid fluctuation of mana right where the teleportation gate was.
I initiated Static Void, but this time, along with the inverted colors of the frozen world, 
I felt a cold fist clutching at my innards—a warning that death was inevitable if I 
continued to exploit this powerful aether art.
Ignoring my body’s warning, I released the frozen Nico and made my way toward Tess, 
Nyphia, and Madam Astera. My body grew heavy and nauseous with each step I took, 
but I couldn’t afford to release Static Void and risk letting the Scythe’s spell go off.
My body was drenched in sweat and I was gasping for air by the time I reached the 
gate. I grabbed Tess’s waist with one arm and released the time-freezing aether art.
A cold chill ran down my spine as my body warned of the danger just behind me, 
where the gate was.
Tess flinched in my grasp. “What the—”
I picked her up by the waist, cutting her off, while I shouted at Madam Astera. “Grab 
Nyphia!”
Immediately, the former knight-professor and soldier bolted to her student and tossed 
Nyphia over her shoulder, just in time for me to flash past them and grab her free hand.
I tried to bend space once more with the help of aether, but the translucent purple 
bridge wouldn’t form. I gritted my teeth and expended what mana I had left to gain 
some distance before a horrible explosion of fire tore through the ground behind us.
Unable to even look back, I could only imagine how close the conflagration was by the 
sound of the roaring fire and its heat scalding my back.
A green aura suddenly surrounded us as Tess activated her beast will, trying to protect 
us while I focused on getting us out of range, but the heat kept growing stronger. Even 
when I saw the Scythe hovering in the distance, watching his spell do its work, I 
couldn’t slow down. If we were able to somehow make it out of the hellfire explosion, 
we’d likely be face-to-face with the Scythe. Nico was still somewhere behind us as well, 
if he’d escaped the inferno.
Madam Astera let out a scream of pain, but I couldn’t afford to slow down; I could see 
the tendrils of black flames in the air. I bent my every thought to survival, molding the 
world around me to facilitate our escape; gales of wind coalesced beneath my feet and 
the uneven ground smoothed out in front of us to make a clear path.
It wasn’t enough. We couldn’t escape the blaze. The sky darkened as we were engulfed 
by the black flames… but there was no searing pain, no torturous death.
Risking a glance over my shoulder, I saw Nico using his own black flames to block the 
hellfire that the Scythe had unleashed.
“Get them out of here!” Nico shouted as he struggled to keep the powerful explosion 
at bay.
“Hold onto me tight!” Tess exclaimed as she withdrew her beast will and conjured a 
condensed orb of wind in her palms.
I squeezed her waist as she unleashed a gale of wind behind us, propelling us forward. 
I stumbled and nearly fell but Madam Astera shoved her sword into the ground, 
allowing me the moment I needed to regain my balance.
Once I couldn’t feel the heat any longer, I toppled forward from sheer exhaustion, 
though I held my concentration in order to keep Realmheart Physique active. I knew 
that once I released it, the backlash would hit, and I would be defenseless.
Ignoring the dull, constant pain, which was growing stronger by the minute, I inhaled 
more ambient mana like a drug addict on the cusp of his crash. I didn’t even have time 
to cycle and purify it through my mana core, which made the mana poison to my body. 
Realmheart Physique would’ve helped with purifying the poisonous mana, but I had 
taken in too much during this battle.
Considering the rate at which my body was deteriorating, though, a little more poison 
hardly mattered. I just needed to hold on long enough to get the rest of them out of 
here safely.
“Stay with me!” Tess said to someone from behind me, her voice shaky but strong.
With the ambient mana temporarily boosting the functions of my body, I wiped away 
a stray drop of blood that ran from my nostril and turned around. My eyes widened, 
and in my head I was already starting to calculate the odds of survival.
It was Madam Astera. She was missing her right leg from the mid-calf down, and Tess 
was doing what she could to soothe her wounds using water magic while Nyphia was 
preparing bandages made from ripped strips of her own inner robe.
“My foot got caught in that explosion. I knew I couldn’t put out that black fire, so I cut 
it off,” she grunted. Her strength fortified me. I admired the fact that, despite having 
just amputated her own leg, she was barely even grimacing, even though I knew her 
chances of surviving this were extremely low.
But I didn’t have time to consider it. I felt the tremendous pressure of the Scythe fast 
approaching.
“Damn it!” I snarled, turning my gaze from Madam Astera’s wound to the Scythe, who 
was almost upon us. To my surprise, however, Nico marched past where we were, a 
smoky, nebulous aura surrounding him, a physical manifestation of his anger.
“Tessia almost died because of your attack, Cadell!” Nico roared. “I’m sure Agrona 
made it clear to you that she is to stay alive!”
I finally knew the name of the Scythe that had killed Sylvia when I was a child in this 
world. It burned into my mind like a brand: Cadell.
Cadell landed deftly on the ground as if he had just stepped off the sidewalk. His stride 
was leisurely, yet confident, each step demanding attention.
I made sure to position myself between Cadell and my allies, taking note of the rising 
tension.
‘Arthur! I’m almost there.’ I could already see Sylvie’s large figure in the sky above some 
distant buildings.
Cadell noticed as well, his gaze flitting behind him for a second before he focused on 
Nico.
“If I had not acted in the way that I did, the vessel would have escaped.” His response 
was apathetic, as if he didn’t even register his ally’s anger.
“That doesn’t justify you risking her life! We had a deal,” Nico snapped, a tendril of the 
black, smoky aura flaring out at the ground and carving a large gash in the pavement.
“You would’ve failed on your own. Why? Because of your past with the boy. If you 
weren’t so fixated on getting revenge against your old friend, then the vessel would 
have already been in your possession.”
Sylvie was almost there. It would’ve been smart to let them keep arguing to buy 
ourselves time, but I couldn’t ignore their conversation. Even though I knew I would 
regret it, I just had to know.
Cadell and Nico fell silent and turned to me as they felt the sudden pressure I released. 
Straightening my back and hiding any signs of weakness, I stood tall and let my 
pressure weigh down on the surrounding area.
Cadell raised a brow as he studied me. “It appears you still have some fight left in you.”
“Explain what you meant when you said vessel,” I demanded, my voice carrying with 
the help of mana, despite the tired whisper I actually projected.
“You said taking Tess isn’t going to bring Cecilia back, right?” Nico said, his voice a lot 
calmer than it was before. “Well, what if it will?”
“Then I would say you’re out of your mind,” I retorted, ignoring the burning needles 
stabbing every inch of my body.
“This is what Agrona has been researching for the last few hundred years, Grey, and 
your reincarnation was what allowed the gears to start turning,” Nico said. “And that 
was how I was able to reincarnate into this world. After all, if someone deserves a new 
life, it isn’t you… it’s Cecilia and me.”
“Bullshit,” I hissed, the word leaving a trail of pain throughout my lungs and throat. I 
let the anger fester inside me in order to mitigate some of the pain coursing through 
my body. Once more, I desperately tried to move the aether, but the motes of purple 
wouldn’t budge. The pain grew stronger with each attempt, and I could feel my body 
deteriorating.
It wasn’t fair. No matter how much stronger I became, I always just barely lacked the 
power to win.
Damn it. Damn it. Come on, now would be a great time for a weapon! I pleaded, clawing 
at the palm of my hand where that bastard asura, Wren, stuck that acclorite.
Tess grabbed my wrist. “Arthur, stop! What are you doing to your hand?”
Just then—as everyone’s eyes were on me—I felt hot liquid pour down my nose, 
spilling on my hand.
“Art? Your nose…” Tess gently touched my shoulder from beside me, worried.
I hurriedly wiped at the blood running down my nose and lips and looked back up to 
see Cadell’s lips curved into a smirk. “You’re body is breaking down, isn’t it, Lance?”
“What? Is that true?” Tess asked. “How bad is it?”
“He’s dying,” Nico said grimly.
“I’ll be okay,” I lied, shrugging her away. I couldn’t even look her in the eye. Instead I 
kept my eyes focused on the opponents ahead. Talking was pointless now and 
whatever that asura jabbed into my hand wouldn’t help me out of this one. Whether it 
was Elijah or Nico, it didn’t matter. He was an enemy trying to take Tess, and they 
wouldn’t stop there.
I infused mana into my legs and prepared to make whatever desperate attempt of an 
attack I could manage, but a small girl suddenly stood in the way.
“Sylvie. Don’t try and stop me,” I muttered, wrapping my degrading body in mana in 
preparation for one last battle.
“Would you stop even if I tried?” my bond asked solemnly. She took a step to the side 
as a golden-white aura flared to life around her. “If you're so bent on killing yourself, 
we’ll go together.”
Cadell and Elijah sheathed themselves in their dark mana as well. The ground cracked 
and splintered around us.
“Nyphia, take Tess and Madam Astera as far away as possible,” I said looking back over 
my shoulder. Shifting my gaze down at Madam Astera’s stump, I conjured a simple 
prosthetic leg out of stone before turning back. “And don’t stop.”
“Elf Princess,” Cadell said, his smirk widening. “If your dearly beloved stays in that 
form any longer, whether he wins or loses this battle, he’ll die.”
“Leave her out of this!” I shouted, but by the time I turned around, Tess had already 
shrugged off Nyphia.
Tess didn’t speak to me, though. Instead, she gripped Sylvie’s wrist and asked her, 
“He’s lying, right? Tell me he’s lying, Sylvie!”
Sylvie looked at me but didn’t respond.
“I’ll be fine, Tess,” I lied again, but my words were met with an angry, tear-filled glare.
“You always do this. You’re always ready to give up your life to save me,” she shot back.
“Tess…” I reached for her arm, squeezing it gently.
“Do you think I’d be grateful if you died to save me?” she asked, her lips quivering, her 
eyes hard and wet, like glittering stones at the bottom of a deep pool. She wrapped her 
hand over mine and peeled herself from my grip. She touched my forehead with hers 
as she closed her eyes, chest heaving erratically as she held back sobs.
“You idiot,” she whispered with her lips pressed against mine.
She tore herself away from me and walked off toward Nico and the Scythe.
“No!” I stepped forward, ready to sprint after her, but Sylvie held me back, wrapping 
her arms around my waist.
“Sylvie! No! You can’t do this to me!”
“Arthur, please…” she begged, her small body trembling. “I don’t want you to die.”
I watched helplessly as Tess walked away, the sound of blood pounding in my head 
muting everything else. I couldn’t even hear my own shouts as I begged Tess to stop, 
to let me fight, to let me die.
I watched as Tess turned back and smiled at me before saying something. I couldn’t 
hear it though. Those may have been Tess’s last words and I couldn’t hear them.
My eyes flitted down to my bloody palm as I checked once more with the faint hope 
that the weapon would appear.
It didn’t—and I didn’t have time.
As Sylvie hugged me tighter, holding me back from Tess, I wedged my hand inside my 
protective chest plate and pulled out the medallion that Elder Rinia had given me in 
order to bring Tess back. If she was right, then this entire world and countless others 
would fall to Agrona if Tess was in his hands.
No. I couldn’t let that happen.
It all made sense now. For whatever reason, Tess was the vessel for Cecilia. Maybe it 
was because of our relationship in this world, which had to create the bridge, but that 
didn’t matter.
If both Nico and I became this strong after reincarnating into this world, how strong 
would Cecilia—the “legacy”—be if she reincarnated into Tess’s body?
“Sylvie. You know what Rinia said,” I pleaded, studying the ancient relic in my hand. 
“We can’t let them have Tess.”
Sylvie shook her head, her face still pressed into the small of my back. “We’ll both get 
stronger. As long as we’re alive, we have a chance.”
I felt my insides churn, but I didn’t know what to do. I glared down at the medallion, 
wondering what good it was now.
Something that I hadn’t noticed before now stood out to me within this fully 
assimilated state of my Realmheart Physique. The memory of Rinia drawing the 
aetheric runes on the gate resurfaced, and the hours I spent in that ancient cave 
watching Sylvie meditate while influencing the aether around her connected together 
instinctively in a way that my mind couldn’t fathom but my body could.
Sylvie sensed the change in the air as I got to work.
“Arthur? What are you doing?” my bond cried desperately.
“I’m sorry,” I whispered.
My mouth filled with the taste of metal as I dispersed the gathered aether. I reached 
out with my arms, one pointed at Nyphia and Madam Astera, the other at Tess.
And suddenly, we were in a separate space. This was different from Static Void, where 
I was in the same space as the rest of the world. No, I had created a separate pocket 
dimension and brought everyone along with me.
With no time to waste, I threw the medallion that had the coordinates engraved in it 
and held my hand in line with it. I curled the fingers of my outstretched hand as if I 
was molding the aether around the medallion. What manifested from it was a 
teleportation portal of my own.
“Into the portal, now!” I shouted as I struggled to keep it stable.
Wasting no time, Madam Astera picked up Nyphia and sprinted towards the portal on 
the prosthetic leg I had conjured for her. After tossing Nyphia into the portal, she ran 
after Tess, who was still a few paces away.
I restructured the size of the pocket dimension, bringing Tess instantly closer to 
Madam Astera and the portal. Without even the chance to get a word out, Tess was 
through the portal. Madam Astera looked at me for a second before jumping through 
the portal herself.
“Sylvie… it’s t-time to go,” I said, but my bond just looked at me in horror.
She reached up and wiped away the tears streaming down my face, but her hand came 
away red with blood… my blood.
“Arthur, you’re not going to make it,” Sylvie said, and I felt her consciousness go deeper 
into mine. I couldn’t shield my thoughts from her in my current state; my mind was an 
open book.
“The portal isn’t—it isn’t going to stay stable for much longer, Sylv. P-please, I can’t 
have you die too,” I said, pushing my feelings into her: my desperation, my sadness, 
my despair, my hope. I made her feel it all, so she would understand.
A wave of blinding pain hit me and the pocket dimension rippled like a bubble about 
to pop. Disoriented, I tried to force Sylvie into the portal, but I couldn’t manipulate her 
the way I had done to Tess.
“Sylv? What are you—” My eyes widened in horror as I realized what she was doing.
Sylvie glowed purple, growing and spreading until she stood before me in her dragon 
form.
“Try to keep yourself alive while I’m gone, okay?” Sylvie said, giving me a toothy grin.
“Sylv, no! Don’t do this!” I screamed. Desperate, I tried to push her to the portal, but 
my hands went right through her.
Sylvie’s body had become ethereal and she was fading as motes of lavender and gold 
began drifting away from her diminished form and attaching themselves to my body.
I writhed in unimaginable pain at the sudden change my body was going through, but 
I held on, unable to pass out. My vision faded as I screamed out to Sylvie, and she 
pushed me through the portal with the last remaining corporeal limb she had left, her 
last words engraved into my mind as darkness overcame me.
“Until we meet again…”
Hello! TurtleMe here, author of this little novel that you’ve just finished reading. I hope 
you’ve enjoyed the story and you’re looking forward to the next installment of Arthur’s 
journey! While waiting, please take the time to write an honest review of this novel. 
Ratings and reviews are tremendously important on Amazon and since this is 
what I live off of, I would greatly appreciate your thoughts on this book so others can 
make sure that this is the book they want to read! Whether you loved it or hated it, I 
hope you can spare the time to write your two cents.
Kindest regards, TurtleMe